oh four three two one I'm alive Tom Papa
Joe Rogan's see buddy good to see you
crack-a-lackin' I know and not too much
cruising around we're talking about old
bodies falling apart yeah stem cells
shot in my shoulder that's killing me
right now yeah I can tell you're in pain
whoa yeah one shot just well I got
several in both shoulders and this is
not like anything like that's like a
serious injury but it's there been
annoying me lately so I said fuck it I'm
just go in there every time I've done it
made him feel better
right how often do you have to go I've
been doing it like once every six months
right yeah that's what I have been doing
and then it kind of is okay for a while
Yeah right and once every six months
seems to keep me in but so is it not is
not curing whatever it's healing it but
it is seeing a moron right and going
back to working out hard right but we
were just saying is that soft tissue
yeah heels like this is a soft tissue
issue yeah soft tissue is one of the
best things for things like stem cells
to therapy because you can actually
regenerate tissue right and it can heal
things where it gets a real problem my
friend Miriam Nakamoto she brought over
those snacks those bags of snacks over
there they're really a snack company
she's a multiple time world Muay Thai
champion
boy enjoy muy Thai Muay Thai Thai boxing
more time now never heard of that no
you're so you're so what are you white
yeah you're also like a non jock well I
was a jock my whole life what would you
do I played a football did you oh that's
right I played football forever and
tracking a bunch of stuff then you fuck
but then I stopped
did you flick your body up at all no not
too bad my shoulders a little bit and my
shoulders a little but that's pretty
much it my knees you know like I run a
lot now I've been running a lot for the
last couple months and uh just want to
be in better shape yeah I want to feel
better I dropped like burn off some
rounds maybe your face looks thinner man
yeah it looks good you have translations
that's all thanks man yeah cool
once he get going right yeah at that
momentum that's what's up well you know
it's really was up was I was kind of
cruising along and just like lost five
pounds just kind of like hanging around
and then I realized I'm working out like
this workout that I'm doing is would
have it'll warm up when I was an athlete
right like this wouldn't even have been
a warm-up and I'm like oh that was
pretty good stop being a sissy and try
and really push a little more
what'd you get a trainer yeah I don't
like intimacy that's real well you know
yeah else you can do there's actually
apps where you can follow an app and the
app will put you through a workout oh
yeah yeah several of them now they're
really good oh cool a bunch of really
good ones I don't have any affiliation
with any of them so you're not naming
any of them yeah you can you can you
could even get a yoga one you get a
90-minute yoga one right just do yoga
and it would talks you through the poses
it's great yeah I used to do yoga all
the time but I feel like I've got to uh
I feel I have to shift into lifting
weights again yeah like it's been
dropping nodes but I just feel like you
know a little bit I don't want to be
like the pool with no arms you know I
mean so many people have motivated the
building by going to the beach or the
pool with very little clothes on
I thought about Fox summertime fuck
people are gonna know reveal my secret
disgusts me about yeah this is my glow
look at it this is my laziness look this
is what I did all this my poor food
choices right here look this is drinking
yes yeah this is the part right on the
sides but I really just but then when I
started getting after and being like
don't be such a sissy like workout right
try and push it then you want it then I
wanted to do it more then I got into it
then I'm like alright let's go
now I'm going further I'm going quicker
but uh this is all been cardio yeah all
cardio what about just bodyweight stuff
like you know I mean it's not a bad idea
to start off with bodyweight first
photoshop's yeah because you haven't
really done much like that in a while
yeah it's chin ups push ups and the
bodyweight squats really don't need much
it's really not really I've been doing
more push-ups pins at a ferocious
workout in with change grip push-ups
chin-ups bodyweight squats just to just
those things does that mean I have to
get one of those chin up bar as it goes
in the doorway that yeah I get a real
one though because those things fall and
people die the ones that hang folks
listen to me yeah those ones that hang
on the door the door jamb yeah I used to
work construction those fucking things
are not designed for you little tiny
nails people like me probably installed
them and sometimes you don't hit a stud
yeah that little tiny nail is going
right into the fucking drywall yeah and
you're hanging that thing over there and
it's pulling on that sucker no they
don't mess my shoulder fuckers that
drill into the side of the door you know
what I'm saying then the ones that they
go right in the side doing this way oh
into the gym like four screws on each
side it's like that'll hold your weight
alright I don't hold your weight I'll
get that that one will work cuz it's a
pull you're pulling down on the wood
yeah the way those things that's like
sitting on the wood you know those ones
that hit ya that shit is a recipe for a
broken neck I feel like that thing was
in like every 80s movie yeah I'm sure
they have good ones that do that I'm
sure yeah sure but you should really
check out your fuckin moldings first
yeah moldings a point I just lay on the
ground and do some push-ups
yeah but a real chin up bar man a real
chin up bar is I mean if you just got
one in a park just go to the fucking
Park you're outside the Oh a lot of
parks have like those yeah bars those
little setups we could do callously yes
yeah
nobody ever gyms are no joke those are
great for working out I know they seem
too simple you seem like old ladies with
us go over there bro I go to Nautilus I
don't need this right exactly I do my
leg extensions on Nautilus I got my
membership I use once a month bodyweight
squad seem easy when you do three yeah
when you do a hundred they become very
fucking hard right when you get to like
70 you're like whole shit you rid of
that burn baby and you start counting
down tens we're doing pushups 100 you're
played football and you do you know 200
would be like 200 break him on a row no
break them up you in a row they would we
do like 30 mm-hmm
and then you know split them up and you
know there was a big-time workout and
now I'm doing like 25 I'm like I'm good
for a couple of days it is getting
anywhere more than 30 push-ups it's like
whoosh it starts getting crazy yeah a
lot of pushing yeah
to like your body has to be conditioned
for that and if it's not it lets you
know your arm starts shaking the
funniest part is hockey around 19 though
you get to like 18 19 like bro I'm
feeling fucked it's smooth it's so funny
how whatever number you have in your
head is where you start to write if you
say I'm doing 20 you start shaking at 18
if you say I'm doing 25 you don't start
shaking until 23 you know it's a real
mental thing you know it's really
fucking cool and I gone rogue makes this
thing that it's uh it's like a bamboo
pole and on the end of the pole you put
rubber straps yeah like you know those
bands that yeah and then from those
bands you hang kettlebells off of the
bamboo stick yes
so as you're doing this benches I can't
push my lift my right arm up it's okay
right now otherwise I'll show you as
you're doing this thing everything's all
wobbly and everything is super super
wobbly because first of all the
kettlebell is hanging from rubber right
and the the the stick this bamboo thing
is super wobbly and as you lift weights
with that it's really good for your
stabilizing muscles called an earthquake
bar that's earthquake cool watch the
video online or someone will take us
offline
yeah the earthquake bar yeah it's
exactly the one I have we will have that
out there I'll show you tf2 words and
it's really cool because even
lightweight like if you had to do 70
pounds yeah like 35 on each side it's
awkward for that that doesn't look like
something you want to use in your house
you're gonna ruin your floors put rubber
on the floor
rubber on the floor and put rubber over
your house so nothing gets ruined did
you do you have grandparents to put
plastic over the furniture oh yeah my
Nana yeah they put fucking plastic over
the furniture it was a big deal you
spent a lot of money on that couch
you're gonna it's gonna
my fuse when I was a little kid I'd sit
on that couch heavily this is terrible
especially in the summer with your
shorts your legs just be sweating at
Manas and they they eventually got kind
of like yellowed by the Sun and by you
shackling so it was weird yeah is like
oh you would like put like a jacket down
and then you would sit on your jacket
that whole generation never had comfort
like their beds were hard the pillows
were shit live through the fucking
depression man yeah
that's real that shit people starved to
death
no this was a barbaric time where people
were brought down to you know base
humanity just rival ruff and then you
have like you have like 15 good years
and then go into World War two
and they dealt with that so yeah they
were like we don't need comfort we're
not laying around in our sweat pants on
beanbag chairs well they knew the
importance of being vigilant right like
we all know do you ever do you follow
david Goggins online no David you know
he is no David Goggins is this Navy SEAL
who now is more or less like a
motivational and fitness info the run
the guy who was dude broken knees though
he's a fucking Savage yeah I was clipped
how many 100-mile runs that he run in a
row some fucking preposterous number
remember I want to think that can't
remember at all I want to say six or
seven but then it's like 12 or three of
100-mile member I don't remember at all
but there his whole thing is stay hard
like he'll send me a text out of nowhere
like just say stay hard motherfuckers
out there yeah because like first of all
yeah if you're a Navy SEAL right this is
the pinnacle of hand hand combat and and
the Armed Forces those motherfuckers are
all special human yeah and then on top
of those motherfuckers being all special
humans there's guys that can just just
put a little that message out like hey
you you are soft as fuck compared to how
people used to be right all soft as fuck
compared
world war two people the state you got
to stay vigilant back then everybody had
to stay vigilant yeah yeah you had to
deal with just day-to-day life you had
to deal with what was coming from Hitler
what a tune in at a certain time to find
out what was happening yeah everybody
had to gather around the TV for the news
that was all the news you got that's all
the news you got I got an hour's worth
that was it what the fuck is going on
nothing nothing and they were better a
reward and they they may just say really
what's I'm so tired of that whatever for
it I don't need to know not better off
for it why way better off recognizing
that you're luckier than those people
having some fucking disciplined watching
a David Goggins Instagram clip and get
your fucking shit together I agree with
everything you just said but I'm saying
you're better they were better off not
being fed a news diet 24 hours yeah
mentally mentally poor the first human
beings that have had to deal with this
lot it's a double-edged sword because if
you don't get fed that you don't find
out about Julian Assange getting kicked
out of the Embassy in London you don't
find out about a million different
stories that are in the news it's a fun
story it's a cool story but do I need to
know it quote for you from now on
what about Julian Assange Tom Papa hands
up in clothes it's a fun story it's a
close story but I don't need to know it
really you just redefined white
privilege seriously what can I do about
a lot of these you know look I think
it's good that information is flowing
and that moves everybody forward but you
know for me sitting in there trying to
tell some jokes and feed my kids it's
like do I need to know everything every
trouble spot going around the world oh
it's like that is very good question
it's like how much responsibility do you
have to be tuned in to all the events of
the world and to act like how much
responsibility do you have outside of
voting and do you have the
responsibility to vote because there's
some people that are very interesting
people that don't vote yeah you know I
don't agree with that yeah it's a I want
to participate
I understand that but I don't think
Michael malice votes doesn't he does
didn't he say he doesn't vote I think he
said he doesn't forget his reasoning but
it was very logical uh-huh now I
understand the argument but I am even if
it seems kind of false and I just I
think it kind of like mentally engages
you in the world yeah you you should be
trying to participate
I think his perspective is that as a
commentator on the world that'd be
better off if he didn't actually vote
mm-hmm and just look at it how he really
sees it on both sides right if I'm just
a partial yeah I'm sure I'm butchering
the way he would phrase it right I think
it's a lot in the spirit of that yeah if
you vote you don't have a right to
complain that was deep but I think but
look it's it's a lot look I think it's
trying to be a good person on just a
person level and trying to take care
your family and work hard and be good
with people and help your community
that's kind of the extent of what you
can do and hopefully that spreads out
but you know right Julian Assange okay I
mean why is that
you know well like all those people that
we're talking about at that generation
that only got news during that six
o'clock hour mm-hmm
you know were they less citizens of the
world because they only got that little
dose I don't know they were less
informed and the idea is that more
people can get away with things they
shouldn't be able to get away with like
what's happening right now with Julian
Assange Julian Assange in anybody's
estimation if you look at what he did he
distributed information that was
extremely interesting to most people in
the world that didn't know about it
right exposed a lot of scary shit yeah
he supposed a lot of corruption as
opposed a lot of I mean what what
corruption did it expose I know it
exposed there was that was a Collateral
Murder video that was the one of the
first ones I they showed them shooting
they'd shot
these guys were they thought were
soldiers and they were they were
reporters and it was sort of just the
way they dealt with it it was very scary
for people watching that someone could
just like dehumanize accidentally
killing the wrong people right I make it
like that was the military they were
making it like you know hey but you kind
of have to be in that mindset to be able
to gun people down from the sky in the
first place whoa look you gotta put
yourself in the perspective someone
wants to do that job yeah and you take a
regular person and then you train them
to do that job and then you ask them to
go and pull the trigger people did
they're gonna develop a coldness to them
well you know they have to yeah right
but to see it so mm what Julian Assange
did is he showed it to us and then he
released all sorts of I mean I haven't
I'm embarrassed to say that I haven't
really studied all the files and what
was released and what wasn't apparently
was the no and Ben Shapiro was here he
said that people's names got put out and
apparently that was someone hacked into
WikiLeaks and released that information
before they could redact the names this
was the this is what I've been told by
multiple sources so in it but again I
didn't look into it I don't know if that
was correct so they're gonna say that he
was treasonous or that he was I don't
know what they're gonna say I think that
you're the first thing was a sex charge
that's what they were trying to say that
he had sex with a woman they where he
wore a condom and then they had sex and
then they had sex in the morning with no
condom
and she didn't consent to that that he
just kind of did it or something I think
was something more I think they called
it surprise sex
uh-huh and if I'm butchering this I'm
sorry but the that didn't make sense
like that there would be going after him
that way well you know obviously not
about that yeah you go after if you want
to get somebody you go after or whatever
I think yeah I'm like hacking charges
now right yeah I don't know I know a
little crazy in the in the embassy right
he wouldn't clean up after his cat and
he was on a scooter around is that true
that's what I don't know who knows
what's true I know that's probably but
that's was part of the little story that
I caught the little dog was shocked she
was poetically describing what the
embassy was
smelled like with julian assange dirty
cat shit wafting through the halls is
crazy asshole you have staying here
won't leave Pamela Anderson comes over
every now and then they get their freak
on surveillance footage of Julian
Assange skateboarding and the Ecuadorian
Embassy in London has been leaked kinda
okay yeah but here's the thing man like
what do you want the guy to do is there
a problem he's there for seven fuckin
years now he must have gone crazy
yeah I mean that's like being you know
under house arrest dude I mean it's
amazing that he lasted that long what
they did they waited him out and then
when it they were never gonna wait him
out he was gonna stay in there forever
and then the guys got sick of him they
just got sick of him I think there was
also of the Ecuadorian president I think
he took a photograph in front of like
some lobsters and shit and it was from a
leaked email and that photo got out and
it was very embarrassing to him because
his country's in a deep financial crisis
oh and he's chilling in some Four
Seasons somewhere he loves turning
Staker yeah yeah well I don't know I
mean look it's funny that when you see
pictures of Trump he's eaten Kentucky
Fried Chicken
Kentucky Fried Chicken private jet
hilarious he really loves that stuff
loves it really fucking loves fast food
like when he got all those they came to
visit him when the government was shut
down and brought him all fast food he
didn't understand that look what the
fuck I know this shit and then he had
another team showed up months later and
he broke up as food again the government
was hope just imagine the fucking you're
going to see the President of the United
States and you're a professional athlete
Yeah right your body literally is a
temple and major college athletes but
let's be real about that huh a fleet
should get fucking paid crazy that's the
biggest robbery and all of athletics yes
college sports nobody get a chance to
get into the NBA in the NFL yeah they do
but you're making billions on these kids
fucking billions
don't get my sweatshirt money $20 I'm
telling you man
this guy in terms of like material
current and future it's almost like we
glutton doubt it's almost like Trump was
ice cream when he was in office he was
so good for comedy that it was like
there's so many Trump jokes now
everyone's like no more I need something
else I can't have ice cream these were
one more bite yeah he's gonna come chuck
it out of your throat it's really true
it's so he's so fucking eccentric like
good or bad just look at him as a human
it's such a rare yeah you know I mean
you've seen it with the with the hair
and the fucking constant golfing even
though he's shit fucking Obama golfing
and he's gone even try to pretend he's
not a hypocrite
no none at all he's just everything he's
just the the fat American on a jet ski
just letting it rip if you know it's
also hilarious is good yeah I think this
is a real thing Trump derangement
syndrome I think it's real you mean
people that are obsessed with him
they're obsessed with you know this is
the thing that's gonna get him he'll be
out of office in three weeks
instead of like looking at it look this
is the argument for garlic Michael Mouse
that he's an objective analyst stepping
back looking at this uh-huh he's doesn't
he have a vested interest in this guy
winning or that Cayenne and winning he's
just going what is this right sitting
back and watching yeah this is if I'm
going to take that position not
emotionally involved because some people
get so emotionally involved they can't
sleep they start crying they think it's
the end of the world the world is
exactly the same we just have a
different figurehead and I think it
would present challenges that'll make us
more understanding of each other I do
that's what I really think I think
there's there's good and bad about every
situation but with the Pro I see is
communication if we're just honest with
the way we communicate I think people on
the right and people on the left they
share a lot
in common there's a lot a lot that they
share rather than what they don't share
in common yeah you know the only thing
they don't share is what they're
watching right and it's also the vibe
you get yeah like there's the vibe from
these whatever whether it's CNN whatever
show you're into MSNBC Fox News they all
give out a vibe
yeah and that vibe is you know we are
right here's what's going on here's why
that's a problem right you know and
everyone has a different problem and
everyone thinks they're right
right and you have so you have different
things you some of them have like Eagles
and flags and Rachel Maddow trucks and
some guns so that comes your team that
becomes your club that's what it is it's
the team thing most of it and and the
unfortunate part is both are saying are
spending so much time rather than
thinking about yeah this is the problem
that we have to deal with they're
spending all their time thinking those
other people are assholes
right exactly it's being it's the the
venomous attacks against fellow
Americans because they have a slightly
different view about health care that
part is the the derangement of the
culture right now they're not enemies
they're Americans in the you know we're
all on Team America exact we really
agree to this fucking thing looking at
bro exactly
we're all together I'll show you
something bitch it is a wild country
when you travel around look at my phone
Wow flag blows in the wind bro it moves
with America's a concept I don't think
it's a bad thing to believe in America
as a concept now kind of we're getting
better we're working on this I think
this idea that this like people were
complaining that someone put the
American flag on a cop car in California
that shit yeah yeah like hey this is
we're in America what do you mean they
put us wrong with American flag on a cop
car like just draped it over it
like they had like the side panel where
it says the police department has the
American flag incorporated into their
logo now like what do you hate America
yeah what's wrong with that I like it
yeah it's pretty fuckin they drove up
gonna be problem who doesn't like the
American flag what's wrong with being a
patriot this imperialism it's everything
it's all the good - it's all the
creativity yeah all the art all the love
all the positive people all the
opportunity people it's amazing we're
one country look at this oh my god
listen to this fucking quote we have
such an amazing community of artists
here and I thought the aesthetic didn't
really represent our community this
person said it feels very aggressive
here in the winners team okay you're in
Laguna be aggressive an artist in Laguna
Beach just loving life
margaritas every day at 4:00 its
aggressive that's what you can walk
around with flip-flops you fucking idiot
it's aggressive it's not aggressive to
you it's not aggressive police your
friends the whole something happens to
your house who do you want to come where
this water is what a color kit or the
police but they're not even saying that
like the police car the colors on the
car yeah well they're not saying we
should map police right I think that
flag is too aggressive yeah but it's the
flag and the police yeah why does the
flag make it more aggressive that is so
stupid
I don't get it but it's that thought
process there's something wrong with us
well there is that there is that
knee-jerk reaction from people on the
far left to think that everything we do
is evil you know from the beginning of
the country to now we're just corrupt
and evil and awful well then why are you
still here why are you going to the
arcade they would all admit that it has
great qualities the problems is the
problem is when people really focus on
only negative aspects right the negative
aspects of this country are real they're
real of course from top to bottom in
every way in every in every group of
human beings the negative aspects are
real but this group of human beings in a
relatively short period of time has a
man I think this group
human beings has managed to accomplish
insane architecture music comedy writing
that's right and dominate the world I
mean it's a crazy fucking weird place
but you have innate the world in a
democratic sense right with with a
democratic election in in their country
in a mostly peaceful manner the real
problem was and then you start wondering
like what the United States does outside
of this country and whether or not they
should be doing it right it's like are
they doing this because they have to do
this because this is the way the rules
work in that country or I mean why are
they propping up this guy when this guy
is clearly a dictator is it better to
have the dictator in charge they have it
become a failed state like Libya all the
shit that's way beyond our pay grade
right right exactly let's get screwy you
say like yeah I don't like what America
does overseas okay I don't exactly know
what they do and I don't think you do
either no exactly I think there's some
until julia some people know right some
people are super educated informed I'm
not I'm not denying that yeah what I'm
saying is that most of the people that
have these really aggressive opinions
yeah
about these things yeah look this don't
necessarily think they've thought about
it too deeply no but you also know that
you know look everybody knows the
country does some dirty stuff in places
that wasn't cool what country doesn't
you're right guy exactly it's like the
the thing thing these militaries and
these countries have to do in order to
keep peace and stay alive yeah and and
you know you want to shine light on that
so maybe it's not done again but it's a
it's it's part of the thing that we
talked about before about like our
grandparents not having a lot of the
information and in a way that you're
living in the dark and that's bad but in
a way you're living in the light now and
you see everything the problem with
seeing everything I think it kind of is
a problem is that you realize that no
organization no country no government is
flawless no person they're flawed
everything is flawed and everything and
now we have this idea that if somebody
isn't perfect they should be just run
out of town cancel yeah
cancelled kicked out of office whatever
yep we're all flawed everybody's flawed
and this idea because we can find
everything else out you can expose
everyone's flaws well we're gonna have
to come out of this somehow realizing
that flaw doesn't mean that they're evil
or they're negative and they have to be
kicked out do you think there's ever
gonna be a time in in humans like
whether it's a hundred years from now or
thousand years now where there's no war
yes yes I do how do you see that
happening
well it's gonna start with cop cars with
flags on them and they're gonna patrol
around I think it would be technology
and I think it's a matter of everybody
becoming more comfortable if you can if
you can have people this is like a
Thomas Friedman idea that if if you want
to stop like people fighting in the
Middle East give them all the comforts
of a good society let them be able to go
eat McDonald's and sit in a coffee shop
and all of a sudden you don't want to
fight as much and that means prosperity
that means popping so I think technology
if you can bring more water to people
and there's less suffering if climate
change doesn't Jam ruin all of that I
think if you can prop these people up
and give all these people if they can
rise then there's no sense I mean we're
at a point now where there's fewer Wars
than ever before on the planet sure so
we're headed in that direction so I
don't see why not
well as a thought exercise let's look at
it this way what makes anybody decide to
act as a group what makes anybody like
if why would we decide to go if right
what negotiations should we be having
with someone in Germany like why why why
are we having a conversation about
anything you live way the fuck over
there on the other side of the ocean
what would make people act as a group
and go over and try to fuck with
somebody else that's right that's in
another place like well people could be
people can definitely be rallied all
right for any cause most certainly but
do you think this is my thought
there will come a time where that kind
of rallying doesn't work mm-hmm that
people will stop believing I mean this
is one of those very bizarre ideas that
the system's that we've established for
for human civilizations with countries
or cities or continents right whatever
it is yeah these systems wants all the
boundaries that kept people from freely
traveling although once those are broken
down no country anymore they keeping it
this keeping it together now is the fact
that it's air travel so they know when
you're coming in they get to check your
papers right oh you're flying in from
overseas are you mr. papa
well there's only one way motherfucker
you got to land right here right in this
spot and then we take each individual
and say can I see your paperwork what do
you got who are you where are you from
where are you born do you have money or
you're drug addict you've been arrested
and then they're allowed they could
still do that that way that didn't exist
if it was way easier to go to Germany oh
yeah there was a technology that would
allow you like a person like you or me
the same way we could drive places we
could just fly into somewhere and land
anywhere yeah you'd have to go to a
fucking specific location like an
airport huh or get funneled through a
road that takes it to some you know
right some checkpoint station like when
you're trying to drive open borders just
if people could fly yeah if people if
people flew anywhere they wanted to go
if that technology existed good fucking
luck keeping people from coming into
your city
good luck all those rules are out the
window yeah all those immigration rules
that doesn't exist anymore right and
exist people can go anywhere they want
to hate it but what are you saying that
gives you well it gives you the
interaction with human beings like you
you won't be able to get them as a group
as easily to go after another group
right because now there's no country
basically there's no like thing to right
we're not part of this that has to go
fight that we're all one now
here's a view of one person lives in a
great spot they don't want to give up
the oil right right then it becomes a
problem right come on resources we're
all in this together
those people in Alaska you know yeah
they got all that fucking oil bro here's
here's two things though here's two
things of why it might not work
one of Ecology thousand things
but only two that I can think of okay
one Italians are Italians and Germans
are Germans and Mexicans are Mexicans
and you get around your people and you
feel it and you know it and I know who
you are and we're part of that tribe and
we're part of that thing and it doesn't
matter that we grew up somewhere I just
know you as an Italian and I'm an
Italian and I am with you and that is
very different from that Turkish guy
over there hmm
that thing that very human thing
chemistry thing of your own blood your
own thing I don't think that's gonna go
away for bro you're old-school and you
bake bread fix your eyes without glasses
your friend your friend you give them
hey the shit is actually really good for
fertilizer all right well I'm gonna blow
your mind with my technology end of this
conversation which I just read an
article yesterday that in China face
recognition is the thing that's gonna
stop your fantasy of everybody just
loving each other and going around in
China there too with face recognition
they're able to recognize and categorize
Muslims in the country there's like this
one sect of Muslim in China and there
with all the space recognition that
they're seeing you know from your phone
from everything they're starting to
catalog the enemy and they're and
they're going to be able to the police
are sharing information and hotels and
everybody and they're all now through
this network know what type of person
just walked into this building and
whether they're friendly or they're the
enemy and that thing that face
recognition thing is could end up
splitting us apart even more
hmm old-timey Tommy with his
technological facts here China's Big
Brother surveillance technology isn't
nearly as all-seeing as the government
wants you to think this is kind of like
they might be able to upgrade it though
it says you can for sure
yeah that's one now when your phone
unlocked with your fingerprint and it
blew your motherfucking money
it's my finger even worse my pinky five
fingerprints on this motherfucker it
said I get to do the side of my thumb
and it still knows just glasses the cop
what do you mean was that a cop it's a
cop with Google glass it's got some sort
of face recognition thing it's like that
time movie I'm a dirty report what was
that real yeah I don't know but that's
you know I I tried a Google glass on
once I actually went through a whole UFC
weigh-ins wearing a Google glass I was
filming it I guess ah it wasn't ready
right it wasn't ready and I think yes
how are they haven't upgraded it oh yes
let's hold off cuz this is not working
yeah been a while did not either that
dorky shit and people got super
uncomfortable when you around them it's
like holding a camera and everybody
walking around with a fucking camera
everywhere I think they'll have
something eventually but I have a
feeling it'll be something where there's
a technology light or the outside you
you can't see things when the inside you
can and then they'll show you images
like directly in front of you on the
lens so you wear glasses like your
glasses huh but it'll show you things
right right in front of you like I yeah
I got one that I heard that I don't know
if I understand and believe that this is
real but I've just googled it and then I
found something that makes it seem like
it so the next version of the VR
headsets are supposed to have brain
tracking in them and that sounds super
wide but it's already like being
implemented and tested you get a knock
on your door oh you think about we
thought you were a regular person but
you're beating off a hundred times we
like you imagine if they want to have a
talk to you like mr. Papa you watched 14
hours of pornography this week yeah that
seems a lot yeah I think your mother
would think that seems like a lot I mean
I want to talk to her well they say
employers are gonna do that insurance
companies are gonna do that and they're
gonna be able to much you're beaten on
how much you're beaten off how much you
working out how much you're sleeping
whether and what look at that whether
these two share only good stuff very
sure that's like Google when they said
don't be evil yeah abandon that once you
start making money they think fuckin
paint it right over that side man I mean
what is evil evil SHM evil we're going
in that direction yeah man it's going in
that direction yeah it's all going to
some sort of a wearable thing that
connects you but a weird thing that like
everywhere you're going there picking
off your face and then you're gonna be
able to they're gonna know exactly what
you are and who you are and you know
it's strange it's strange but it is it
any more strange than our lives today in
comparison to people that lived in 1920
like we were talking about oh yeah this
is way weirder when we weightless super
weird way weirder we're in weird town
already for sure you just knew doesn't
get into the hands of people that can
really mess with you oh yeah the people
the money yeah put the money and all the
control yeah gonna be cool with it right
yeah it'll be great they'll be alright
yeah it'll be fun
everything's gonna be fine do you have a
LexA in your house oh yeah yeah my kids
do my for my one friend is always trying
to tell me just get that out of your
house it's listening to everything that
you say and everything don't say
anything bad in that room yeah it's I
had a question about that you know
neuro-link might be coming on soon or
whatever I was thinking about like if if
it got to the point where like say we
all got it and then everyone you knew
had it and there's like a thousand
people that have it wouldn't we hit a
like a threshold point we're like not
everybody should have this we're good at
this point right here well how would you
ever deny people something like that the
cost they might be really expensive no
but I mean how would you ever know you
can't deny people that won't like to say
if someone's coming up and they want to
try it and everyone else has it that
would that would create a giant problem
that'd be like if you said that with
cell phones
too many people have cell phones where
we stopped you no more buying cell
phones I know that's why sort of think
that there might become a big problem
with that
why what is no link I don't hold on I
understand why you think I just sort of
think that if in the theory that you're
really gonna let thousands of people
have instant access to the world's
knowledge at their finger out of
thoughts like instant that becomes too
powerful in the wrong hands and the
people that might have it first might
see the future problems of that I'm just
what I was wondering I was thinking way
too far Jamie got Superman so you know
that probably won't be a problem or well
no I thought I can't stop it I don't
wonder I don't think that anyone can say
that's not gonna be a problem yeah I
don't know I mean what is a problem
though it's gonna be something it's
gonna be a something yeah it's gonna be
one has access to all the world's
information instantaneously first of all
colleges are going under Sun how's my
first class like they're gonna fight
that all day and so I don't think they
can but to be able to the amount of
money that you would make off of
something that made everybody super
smart yes you would there's no way you
imagine if you found out how ironic
would it be if you found out that like
Stanford and Harvard or banded together
to try to stop this from coming out
because it would kill their business and
it was like you know just like a college
admissions scandals going down oh yeah
so great if there was a scandal that all
these higher universities had banded
together to try to stop this because he
was gonna kill their business yeah bit
like everybody can know everything we
tell them more than everything we tell
I'm going on some college tours already
Jesus Christ
yeah oh my god it really makes you think
like why do they really need this this
is expensive oh yeah they really need a
degree and all of this I don't know it's
a weird business man it's a dollar weird
business I don't know why it cost so
much I'll tell you why why because the
administrators are all making Bank is
that what it is yeah
it's all the money so all these kids
generations are in debt because they
have to take these student loans
college is more expensive than ever
before well it hasn't changed running
the university leaving the teachers with
it's the administration of these giant
universities are making so much money
they're making millions and they keep
cranking it out and they keep needing to
up the up the rate and then they make
money accessible for the students
through loans and then they keep feeding
themselves it's horrible it's a horrible
corrupt system and it's um it's also
subsidized right well the government
will subsidize some yeah yeah yeah how
much is the government subsidized
private education private education I
don't think any yeah yeah you get fast
Fallone though yeah it's so expensive I
mean you know it isn't that where -
there's like state schools private
schools yes no they're all cost money
mm-hmm everything costs money yeah what
is it like to get to like us see how
much is like a semester at us 70,000
NoHo now that semester a year a year is
it 70,000 roughly 70 50 for the year
yeah that's like the that's the that's
the online Google search thing that's 50
plus your room and board plus all the
rest and if your kid fucks off yes
which of course they're gonna do and by
the way to have 50 grand you need to
make like 80 right what taxes oh yeah no
you gotta make 80 grand yeah for a whole
year of your kid being in school yeah
and if your kids just doing bong
handsome totally my father dropped me
off to school at school and I was like a
sophomore and it just drove me into
college and drop off my stuff and I was
so psyched to go see my friends and like
just come you know just work hard be
responsible okay dad okay okay I go
running into my dorm room my buddies are
there I haven't seen them all break Tom
they hand me a bong Hey
I light up as soon as I walk in my bags
or even haven't even dropped I light it
with my lighter and this huge flame
comes out and poof almost like lights my
face on fire like blah blah hey papa
your dad's outside he's in the van I'd
forgot something I forgot a lamp in the
van I go running out there I'm like hey
what's up you know hoping I don't smell
he goes hey you forgot you what happened
your eyebrow your eyebrows burnt off
what did you do in the two minutes I
just took the lamb thanks dad
see Jack sees writing checks for me to
go do that no yeah it's brutal Jesus I
was just tuition I saw yeah 75 $75 USC
1-year room and born at 15 3 that's
gotta be low that's just about it over a
thousand a month it's gotta be yeah man
and that's without like if your kid if
you live on the East Coast and you're
flying your kid back and forth and all
the rest of it but look at personal
expense personal and miscellaneous 1,400
bucks for the year for the under bucks a
month get out yeah yeah that's crazy get
it forget it books are gonna be way more
than a hundred bucks a month to the book
we're gonna be 1,200 a semester probably
you should go to state school you pay a
quarter of that stay in get your
undergrad here's the things like you
could have a nonsense education like me
where you just read things that you're
interested in and they never get like a
real base education I don't have a
degree in anything he didn't go to
college I went to college but I fucked
off I paid attention yeah what do you
mass Boston oh yeah that's some reasons
to me I didn't even take my SATs oh
really
no there was like they had like a
continuing education program he just
sign up and start taking classes there
oh nice did you go the whole way No
I went for three years I was barely
paying attention three years yeah I did
I guess I realized I was doing it a
little bit while I'm still doing
stand-up likewise while I started doing
stand-up oh it was literally only so
that people didn't think I was a loser
right I just wanted to let people know
I'm doing something I didn't pay
attention at all right well all I was
thinking about was martial arts
competition and then it would stand up
right well yeah transition right there
yeah once that happens forget it once I
realized that people made money doing
stand-up that's when I quit it depends
on what you want to go do like there's
certain you want to go in law or you
want to do certain you know medicine
there's certain routes where you need a
degree we really need a degree and
there's definitely something good to
going to school and being around other
people from around the country and all
kind of thinking and for sure it's all
positive but you should not go into debt
I have all these nephews that they got
out of school $30,000 in debt right this
is the start of your life as an adult
the worst thirty thousand in debt they
can't keep up with the payments so then
the interest kicks in and after four
years now they owe fifty thousand and
they're constantly chasing it yeah and
now they ask their parents to help them
out and they cosign now you have two
generations and the taxes right and and
they're now on their second job where no
one cares anymore where you went to
school they never even asked the
question they don't know not instant no
no in certain places yet in certain
around this it really depends on what
you're trying to do right you've gotta
be a doctor I think they care yes I
think they care well yeah that's well
maybe professor you're applying for jobs
a history professor go into television
production whatever no one gives a shit
that's true if you're gonna do Hollywood
type jobs yeah nobody gives a fuck now
go work in construction you could do
what I wouldn't my whole thing is and I
keep trying to say this to my daughter
is that you should never don't
jeopardize your future for this degree
you can get degrees they'll be important
they'll help you but you should not
strap yourself with debt yeah that's
wise advice yeah
very wise advice and she's like how
about you work harder and just pay for
it and I won't have to be in debt that's
a good thing for her to say yeah
it's clever very smart to set you up and
my other daughter I'm just gonna give
her headshots three hundred dollars a
head shots right in the business the
business done that old show business
yeah hey everybody's crazy but I thought
show biz people crazy everyone's crazy
every you're crazy I'm crazy yeah the
people who it you think insurance
salesmen people are fucking crazy they
just better at hiding all day yeah it's
what they do it they that's what they do
they hide it they hide it all fucking
day if you were really smart you just go
into plumbing listeners not a lot of
power's out there right now Sneed
plumbing yeah and you make a really good
living at it and there's not a lot of
people that are learning these skills
anymore that's what you should go do or
do something you really want to do find
something you really want to do yeah
maybe you don't want to be a plumber
should it be a requirement that they
know what they want to do before they go
into college no but see what college
should be is education what it really
seems to be more as like prepping you
for the job force mm-hmm you know I mean
there's education as well but it's
prepping you for the job force and
nowadays at least in a certain segment
of the population you're you're getting
these colleges that are also associated
acht Renee ting kids socialist ideas and
a lot of ideas that you know just are
contrary to what probably their parents
taught them so then there's this
internal dispute and who's right and
who's wrong and do our rebel against my
parents and yeah the full social justice
warrior yeah yeah yeah join the Young
Republicans on campus and you know the
kids are just trying to find who they
are yeah there's definitely when you
walk onto these campuses even just to
tour them which I never did when I was I
just you know picked one out and went
but you go in it the personality of each
university is so dominant as soon as you
walk on to the campus and when to some
small really left liberal arts schools
and you just feel like the
toasters and everything you're just like
as a white male you're not welcome here
at all and then you go to some other
places and it's just kind of
free-flowing and everybody's just it's
into this they're just all about the
football team have you ever seen the
poster it says as a white male you're
not welcome here yeah we're in my
daughter's room but you know you get
like very very progressive and very you
know every everything is an issue and
you know that's where you develop those
idea what I'm saying is you can really
learn from going on these campuses like
oh this is well there's a vibe you get
in doctrine doctrine ated into whatever
vibe the campus holds yeah you get
social points for like following those
ideas right as as hardcore as you can
yeah that's right it's really
interesting yeah if you take yourself
out of whichever way you lean if you
lean left you can say well it's because
they're young and they're passionate and
they're right wrestling right like other
babies and they're being taught by
people who never made it in the real
world they only just in academia and
there yeah but just looking instead of
looking at like that yeah look at it
where you don't have a fucking dog in
the fight and just step back and go this
is fascinating it's like people are just
trying to change and influence people's
thinking and behavior mm-hmm and some of
it is to justify their their own
thinking and behavior some of it is
because peeps some people just like
controlling people right like getting
people to listen to them and some of it
is because they genuinely think that
this is for the best for the human race
and it's all these things are competing
together yeah why you have some people
that are activists you meet them they're
not annoying at all you like goddamn
you're really cool yes they're doing it
with the right heart right the right
yeah you have activists that are so what
knowing are they so annoying because
they're not doing it for the right
reasons they're doing it to try to
change people because they want to poke
you they want to you want to have a
reason to be upset at you because you're
not listening to them you're not
following their ideas write them and
there those are the key words it's about
them and their status and their power
over you and ya know I know there's a
couple people you know there's a couple
people I know that have gone that way so
hard that you can't even have
conversations with them yeah on both
sides it doesn't help it doesn't it all
it does is create more more conflict
like that kind of combative attitude
creates more conflict
you could be right on every single issue
but if you're super super combative all
the time that people just don't don't
want to communicate with you and you're
willing to enter into an honest exchange
with you yes it's always a contest
there's a battle going on right and you
you always think you're right right it's
us versus the end they're just looking
for little clues and see where you're at
and if you give them any kind of hint
that you might lean one way they just
pounce on you it's brutal it's like this
it's a horrible way to live and they're
angry they're just angry they just walk
it's anger it's like get an ice cream
cone enjoy your life a little bit like
what are you doing whore Dodgers fans
that's what they are yeah of course
sports fans for the Democrats yeah like
our fucking team's gonna kick their
fucking ass in 2020 Trump's going down
exactly it's really yeah it really is
that hey did you see Tiger yesterday
dude I was watching it while we were in
Georgia we were in Georgia for the UFC
right and I had a comedy show out there
and we were me and Santino when I
actually get on the screen on Saturday
yes we watched it Friday or was a friar
Saturday Saturday so I'm try to sire
than anyone yesterday well whatever days
it was right my thing we watched it two
days in a row he was in the gym every
day we were there but then I got home
and I saw it on my phone I was like holy
shit I don't even give a fuck about golf
I know it was big powerful I made a
comeback a huge comeback but that I mean
that's amazing 11 years later oh my god
somebody put on Instagram one of my
quotes oh yeah and I attached to that it
was pretty cool that I loved a guy get a
like I loved what did I say I loved a
success story but even more than that I
love a guy fucks his life up and then it
gets it back together again story it's
the greatest yeah it's the greatest
how much most good it must feel to that
guy the world again and that he like
yeah was so messed up and then the back
problems and troubles and the kids and
the wife and the thing and in just 11
years yeah and he didn't stop working he
just went to work and went to work and
went to where he's 11 years later and so
he won a major championship recently
right
did anyone win one it was a big deal he
won a major championship within the last
it wasn't a major but it was it was a
major this this was the first major he's
won in 11 years okay so the other one
wasn't a major but it was a big event
yeah it was a so he wins that whenever
as I Wow
he might be back he can he could fucking
win big tournaments again and then he
just oh it was so cool to see the crowd
just kept building over the weekend and
by yesterday it was massive thousands of
people around the greens isn't hanging
on him the relief that you saw just
coming out of him was so great and at
the end like he walks off where as a kid
he was only like 21 when he won the
first time hugging his dad mm-hmm at the
edge yeah and now he comes off 11 years
later all this time and his dad's past
and he's hugging his child his son now
he's the father in the same spot I was
just I was trying not to cry the whole
time oh it was such a tearjerker what
relief people were just so happy for him
such a great story we do love a comeback
why not man you love a comeback and we
we were all flawed like you were saying
before but yeah man being able to
improve that's what that guy did he bit
down and impre-- improved amazing
improved his life yeah and whatever
stopped yeah went south and he picked it
right back up and brought it north again
well 11 years of doing it and failing
and failing and failing no is that
beautiful it is beautiful such a cool
thing yeah I was wondering like he wears
that red shirt he's gotta wear the red
on Sunday is it's like his that's his
thing that's his thing yeah and he was
in light colors on Saturday and I was
like does he just like free himself from
that or dia is that a superstition that
you gotta kind of hang
- hmm good question yeah you know what
do you think would happen if there was
an openly gay black guy with blond hair
who only wore pink it was like the best
call for a while and started dominating
great some dudes like SuperDuper gang
yeah and he's just got this fucking
crazy Drive and and he gets down on the
ground I could see the way the earth is
rolling and the whole time is doing he's
like Lisp in snapping his fingers
wiggling but you know I put pretty what
would happen if he started just winning
they're probably poison him do you think
they would poison like a super
flamboyant gay guy who was winning okay
black or white they would poison him
someone do you don't think so
I don't think so because golfers are so
close to flamboyantly queen in gay
anyway it's they're all pink and like
big plaid pants they're like a bunch of
old white dudes straight white dudes who
want to be gay but it's all this country
club life right the big part of it yeah
have that guy swishing around back and
forth in the locker room snapping his
fingers staring at dicks no no no no
he's got a catchphrase all his hair is
shaved except for a curly man bun that's
just straight up and it's blonde and he
wears lipstick and I was a motherfucker
at golf he's just killing fools I just
love my irons
maybe baby would open golf up to
everybody else yeah what happened like
do you think that Tiger Woods Tiger
Woods he opened up golf for people of
color right clearly yeah I didn't do it
because of and how many how many people
got into golf that would have never even
thought about playing golf for sure
Tiger could play yeah started opening up
to inner-city schools were starting
getting involved in it what what about
the gay community are they representing
and professional golf
flamboyant dressed like the Bee Gees in
the 70s their clothes Joe they're
wearing plaid pants they're wearing Kate
whistles uh you you have xenophobia
that's how people from Scotland dress I
was just saying they would they would be
embraced
you know Scotland's a weird place like
you have to dress a certain way when you
hunt there or at least they have a
certain way they dress like a
traditional way I like that but it's not
like they don't wear camo it's like an
outfit yeah it's like an outfit like
what do they wear the world like clothes
weird old-timey clothes I like that I
like tradition um yeah I know you did
that's why I brought it up
Bourdain went hunting in Scotland
there's a television show where he had
to wear some crazy-ass outfit right he
you get suited for this outfit this
traditional hunting outfit it's pretty
cool yeah a lot of those this that's its
traditions like places like Scotland to
from incra I think most of it was like
private land right I think back in the
day like that was what Robin Hood was
all about right Robin Hood was
originally supposed to be about someone
who was poaching and hunting on the
Kings land because they were hungry so
they were stealing from the rich to feed
the poor gentlemanly pursuit hunting and
shooting attire Wow a dress does that
help you helps me be a good hunter
because I get to goof on them or does it
like does that help does that get in the
way of hunting or is that help hunting
that's not helping shit it's kind of
fresh though go back to his boots yeah
man that guy looks boots can make them
boots larger look at those fresh boobs
yeah come on I start wear those on stage
that guy what I get in trouble for
cultural appropriation wearing someone's
stuff if they're white to network and
now that if they're more powerful than
you than your okay like how does that
work how does that work you can't take
from how much
what percentage of Native American do
you have to have in you to wear
moccasins ooh a lot the tassel jacket
how about the leg the suede tassel
jacket I
like Roger Daltrey's rebels in the
seventies war I wanted one of those so
bad when I was in high school they look
so cool the Easy Rider with the fringe
on it it's all moving driving mission I
want your arm out the window with the
cards floppy nur yeah you're on stage
singing the ladies must yeah look at
that Oh Gloria come on strips of leather
see but that goes too far see how it's
because they have the Native American
thing I'm a sleeve let me see this one
right here no not the other one well
that one's yeah you get me for that one
if you do that one you better kill the
bear that you use for those fucking yeah
me that's - that's ridiculous
now there's a white guy version of that
which would be okay that's a girl claims
to be a healer yeah that's what we're
that see if you wear that in Texas
you're okay oh yeah okay Daniel Boone
yeah that one that one's dark dark one
no what are you Prince
what are you a trapper that's too light
that looks terrible it's terrible he's
get the fringe in the bottom that fits
you to separate us from everybody else
the curtains on the bottom and fringe
like a nice Curt Menefee a fine
restaurant look at Elvis Elvis had
tassels Elvis had rainbow tassels you
could get away with it if you're Elvis
if you're working for Enterprise
rent-a-car
maybe you don't wear that yeah Elvis got
away with some wild shit who the fuck
will jumpsuits before Elvis jumpsuits it
was him and Evel Knievel oh man look at
that Hendrix oh my god that's yeah see
but he's doing some of these playing a
guitar he's moving around he's got a
headband if you just if you're making
snow cones you know if that's not your
jacket
man I wanted one when I was in high
school I wore my put that back up put
that beggar bear up look at that that
look how good does it look and I could
never wear he's got friends I don't know
yet what is a greenish-yellow how would
you describe that color it's like a teal
like a light teal
he's got he's got bell-bottoms the
bondage acid-washed bell-bottoms and
he's got this cool jacket with fringes
that are literally two feet long
yeah and then a headband - and it's just
his kind of fuchsia the headband right
it's kind of reddish yeah like a light
red and he's and it's on Jimi Hendrix
that's the thing that we can't match
when we could buy all those items but
it's still our head it's not only that
it's 2019 - but yeah then like he was in
the groove man oh man who's that yeah
Phil Hartman saw him live when he was a
young kid Phil was like 18 years old he
got a job at The Whisky uh-huh and his
job was you know how they have those
giant monitors on the stage and
sometimes those things would fall like
into the crowd oh jeez all right like
especially someone's standing on that or
doing a show so they're kind of they're
a little wobbly
yeah standing right there so his job was
to stand right by the stage like
literally have his hands like ready to
catch these speakers this was a fellas
job yes and Hendricks is right there
Hendrick is right he's 18 oh my god in
front of him I was that close to Blues
Traveler once that's the same and this
wall is harmonicas right in his vest
shortly before Jimi Hendrix died oh
really yeah well he died when he was
died in like it was the magic age right
35 was it it's 21 I think the magic age
of 27 it's they're all dying where Marci
at estoppel yeah isn't that the magic
age didn't he where did he when T 7 Wow
yeah what year did he die was at 69 70
70 1970 so Phil you know that's amazing
film is probably like 17 years old or
something
Wow yeah God fuck that's amazing you
know did he averaged one of those fringe
jackets I don't know I didn't ask that
but the pages private man whose wages
crisis
running into Jesus while you're out on a
hike oh yeah it was great well phil was
a musician too yeah
so when you know he talked about it we
had like this crazy clean to his ha
Shay's and I was like he was fuckin yeah
come on Hendrix please I wanted I wanted
one of those fringe jackets when I was
in high school so I played football
until I was a senior and then when one
football season's over I have a half a
year left of school and that's when I
smoked weed for the first time and
started playing guitar and I'm 101 at
fringe jackets they didn't have them but
I did get a pair of moccasins for a
little while hmm I wore moccasin did
they have beads they did not have beads
but they had a little French too little
tassels they were like it was just a
little fringe yeah no soul yeah what's
the purpose of Fringe like that's like
when you think of a trapper jacket right
when I'm doing Davey Crockett type dudes
style of them wearing that just style is
really yeah why would they have any
style back then
everybody's got style back then it seems
like they were just trying to stay alive
yeah the weak ones the cool I think
Daniel Boone wasn't trying to work it a
little bit look at this buck skins are
often trimmed with a fringe originally a
functional detail to allow the garment
to shed rain and to drive faster when
wet because the fringe asks a series of
wicks to disperse the water or quills
interesting a little bit Wow my skin's
derived from deerskin clothing worn by
Native Americans oh wow how about that
that's genius smarter than you now so it
hangs down and the water goes through
all the tissue in the deer and gets to
the bottom so those little things get
wet but the thing that you're wearing
that touches your skin is dry you think
right now that deer would have had
fringe on their outfits
I think they don't give a fuck you're
really hot all right your body
temperature is much higher than ours
oh really yeah that's one of the weirder
things about when you put your hands on
one
so yeah the inside of them they're
really hot like if you're so for like 98
degrees what are they like I don't know
I would if I had to guess I'd say it's
it's more
100 oh yeah I'd say that yeah I bet
they're probably like 105 something like
that but what is it we just what's the
wattage it brought up the cooking
temperature that's why people love deer
they're preheated same as most undulates
which is thirty seven point five to
thirty point five degrees Celsius which
which we don't understand I'll just type
in the preheated deer be 38.5 degrees
Celsius what you think that is yeah yes
I don't have a clue what was the what
was the number 38 degrees Celsius oh
that's a 105 is it no it's not ninety
ninety nine point five two hundred yeah
right in that same range that's it like
that's one or two higher like some with
a little bit fever oh I did something
that you would you would enjoy you might
have even done this speaking of body
heat I was in San Francisco last weekend
really performing and I was working with
my friend Kira's soltanovich very funny
comedian kicks ass she's Russian she
grew up up there and she brought me to a
Russian like bathhouse they beat you up
with sticks yeah did you ever do that no
they called Vanya Vanya huh man oh man
you go into a sauna a 2-level sauna so
it's even hotter like up at the hop at
the top like an attic in a sauna it's
super hot and you lay down on this bench
and they take these bushes and they
group they wet them and then they start
beating you with them not a lot of
pressure it's - it's so hot it you're in
a sauna you're already looking really
really and then that thing the thing is
hot - and that thing's hot and with the
with the steam coming off of the
branches as they're beating your back it
creates a little a little pocket that
gets even hotter so it just brings your
body to the submission what high
temperature they're making wealth and
making whether they really are yeah and
yeah for about 15 minutes
and you come out of there and just feel
to jump in the cold afterwards yeah into
a cold plunge yeah all the way under
this really cold water amazing yeah the
Russians really like that fedor
emelianenko it was like one of the
greatest heavyweights if not the
greatest heavyweight of all time one of
the things that you would see about his
training
what is it was that it was very old
school Russian like the stuff on the
parking or in a playground just like
they did a lot of stuff in a playground
and he incorporated the banya that was a
part of it like he's you see him lying
there and they're beating him with
sticks there you go yeah see it on
showtime so there yeah that's what yeah
yeah they figured something out
you know also pretty great invented
sauna they figured something out there's
something about that extreme temperature
that just it's very good for you your
ability to recuperate you feel better it
reduces inflammation felt great like I
went in there I've been traveling so
hard over the last couple of months I've
just been knotted up I've just been like
I was like maybe I'll do this and then
get a massage after mmm cuz that'll
really a gentleman he like a gentleman
yeah and we didn't have time she had to
go she was driving me she had to go do
something so we only had time for that
part when I came out of that the the
bania or banya I didn't need a massage
everything was relaxed everything had
changed in just like 15 minutes yeah it
was great man I wish it was I don't know
if there's they have them in LA or not
but I'd like to seek them out there I
know they have women yours one in West
Hollywood there is yeah photo Sports not
like that yeah hey girl bro a lot of
dongs keep your pants on a lot of dogs
clothing was optional hey clothing
optional and I'm with Kiera you know
we're like you know we're coworkers and
she's wearing nothing she's she's
totally naked and then there's dogs
everywhere there's dogs every she sees
the dogs
she sees the dogs I see the docile girl
to where the old we were the only ones
covered up we was in going dogs to get
stare in America what's that in America
you can't do this yeah San Francisco are
you sure yeah girl she was walking in a
room with dongs they were naked the
girls were naked
Kyra and I were the only ones with
clothes on because we worked with each
other send in immigration alert yeah
there's something going on in there bro
there's just dicks everywhere open open
that door is you you cool with dicks in
front of you I'm not I wasn't doing here
I was looking away cops just come in
fucking masks on I'm a Don alert yeah
they throw one of those what are those
gas canisters that flashbangs just
grabbing guys behind their dogs pulling
them out grab my dog that's the first
thing you gonna grab someone throws a
tear gas canister to explode in a room
I'm wearing pants so I was the only one
with pants on and you can kind of feel
like everyone was looking at you like
you're see you're making us feel like
shame because you're wearing pants I'm
gonna just do you mom but I couldn't I'm
with my yeah Gabe that's a tactic that's
what that is
yeah that's a tactic yeah what kind of
what do you mean it's a tactic they
trying to like come on man show us your
dick
everybody did you get together with five
of your buddies and you all are real
comfortable with seeing each other's
dicks right we're gonna get to some
Mikey's dick how you gonna do that we're
gonna shame them I'm gonna shame them in
and showing us his dick and we're gonna
take our dicks out we're gonna walk in
that steam room I'm just gonna let you
nuts hang why is it you want to see what
the fuck are you doing with your butt
take your goddamn pants off and he'll be
like Oh roar roar Jesus why does
everyone wanna see my keys so bad
because Mike you probably is a little
dick like I felt like everybody thinks I
have a small one because I got my pants
but that's not it um just get a
different power what are you doing yeah
but but the other thing is when you're
around people like that right and it's
not a bad thing it's a life choice but
if you're around flossy people if you're
a person who likes Rolls Royces and
giant mansions and you know you like it
a baller I got a big fat diamond ring
lifestyle yeah that guys around those
people because he's selling diamond
rings selling diamonds right diamonds
motherfucker
let's get billions from some charity Wow
48 million dollars
whoa look at that a blue diamond 48 OHS
oh yeah million 48 million is a father
bought it for his daughter Wow
magic Rock damn magic you're the
daughter you lose that shit
drinkin you fuckin pull your panties
down the pinna curbs right off when
you're throwing off throwing up in a
dumpster my dad's gonna kill me
yeah maybe a daughter was 40 it makes
you realize that the things that you
that really give you worth in life is
not the dough it's something that's
gonna engage your head and make you feel
a little useful you're way better off
having less dough and something you
really love yeah but that's only if you
have a certain amount of dough that's
the problem yeah stress of not having
enough money to feed yourself and feed
your family and while the roof over your
head that's overwhelming for people
especially as we were talking about
earlier people have
fucking credit card debt or student loan
debt or some insurmountable amount of
debt that can't get out of ya just hangs
on you then you're not really thinking
about what's meaningful for Mike what's
of meaningful hobby for me
oh dude it's the worst yeah the feeling
of debt is the fucking worst and the
feeling of just working for nothing
that's also bad too there's the feeling
of like every day you're doing it just
to exist at the end of the day you're
exhausted yeah what is your life yeah
what is your life is your water your
life all this shit you hate to do yeah
well that's the answer for most people
most people most of the time the answer
is you're doing something you hate to do
and it's been me and I know it's been
you at some point in your life yeah but
goddamn the the amount that your life
can change if you just no longer have to
do something you don't want to do yeah
who'd do something that you actually
enjoy whatever it is whether it's
carpentry or painting whatever the fuck
it is that you love to do do you think
it has to be your work or do you think
you could be at work through your like
kind of into it but then you have some
other passion that's connected but
you're you're also if if your work isn't
satisfying that's most of your life yeah
people are gay you got to do what you
got to do of course you do of course you
have to do what you got to do that goes
without saying
yeah so figure out a way out of there
everybody's got a way out yeah don't
just people love to say things like that
like hey some people don't have that
luxury people love to say things like
that you have to acknowledge that but
that's that's the case with anyone who's
ever done anything where it was hard to
do write it so it's always going to be
hard to do that that it's used for you
to say of course it's easy for me to say
I'm just saying that's the easiest thing
in the world
hey I'm gonna put a rocket on the moon
see I just said it Wow think about you
to say exactly but of course it's easy
to say but the difference just as a
person who's done both difference
between doing something you hate doing
and doing something you love doing it's
off the charts it's better your life is
no absolute if you're making less money
even if you're making less money exactly
because you know to use comedy is an
example because it's what we are when
you were making five dollars a night
literally five 2009 as a comedian I was
so much happier than when I had a day
job oh yeah making real money it once I
remember the feeling of being able to
make a living with just stand up yeah
what like holy cow living just getting
by in my beginning was super shaky yeah
super shaky right I started making money
I was making like a little bit of money
in Boston but I always had day jobs yeah
when I moved to New York and then Jeff
started managing me then I started
making money like I he get me booked in
places and I'll doing I was working
pretty much every weekend who was Jeff
Jeff Sussman let just assuming longtime
manager yeah start managing me when I
was an open mic er
my oh nice yeah we've been together
forever yeah he's the best you still
with him yep wow that's amazing
that's amazing he's the best I love the
guy that's great he's an awesome person
too and just a brilliant at his job yeah
super low-key doesn't give a fuck about
Hollywood that's great but you know yeah
he understands it in the right do right
he doesn't care I was like to do what
makes you happy
was he just want you to be happy it's
awesome so he picked you up when you're
doing open mic dude Oh scrub wasn't
supposed to go onstage that night really
yeah he came into town he had managed
some other comedians remember Bob Nelson
know Bob Nelson oh yeah Jeff you have
football guy yeah
yeah oh my god he managed him really
yeah and he produced his HBO special and
they were parting ways and they were
parting ways and Jeff was like well
maybe I've seen everybody that I've seen
in New York maybe I'll take a trip to
Boston so he took a trip to Boston and
just fucking dumb luck when I was
driving limos I wrote a joke that day
they'll have this joke and I called up
my friend Oliver who was the manager at
the club and I said hey man can I come
in and do like five minutes because I
have this joke want to try out yeah sure
come on in and he liked me so he hooked
me up and I went onstage and I didn't
even know Sussman was in the room well
because I didn't know he was in the room
I didn't give a fuck I was super loose
you knew who he was at that point no I
didn't know he didn't know it just
didn't it wouldn't but if I knew that
there was a manager from New York right
that handled Bob Nelson I'd be like holy
shit I probably freaked out sure had
choked shakey is fucked back then anyway
you know I'm only like of course it's 30
years in a college I did often ya know
it was really interesting like he took
me to New York to he saw me there and
then he took me into New York to try out
he wanted to see me perform and some
other clubs huh so he said we are you
willing to come down in New York so I
said sure yeah I've always wanted to I
was so nervous about performing in New
York yeah of course I thought New York
City was different uh-huh it was like
more nervous than when he came to see me
the second time in Boston I was more
nervous to perform in New York cause I
can't believe I was one of it catch a
rising star which doesn't exist anymore
yeah just legends forget it your head
yeah that's a big thing it son because
you don't know it yet yeah well it was
like the New York comics were always
like the smart ones the thought process
the thought process in Boston the
audience's are smarter than occupy your
bullshit they're gonna know and what's
really funny is like
Sussman we were talking about like clean
comedy versus dirty comedy there was no
really real decision like you know like
because back then people would like
decide to be clean
it wasn't like you're a clean comic
because
that's how you think right well if you
want to get more work the smart moves
clean as a business decision as a
business to dress nice and act clean we
went to a bunch of places did each side
comedy club which is a cool comedy club
that used to be in Long Island then he
took me this place called fast Eddie's
in Huntington and it was a it was a
local bar that had a comedy night Wow
we went upstairs and it was so the crowd
was so fuckin rowdy and so drunk and
there was a dude on stage name was
George gallows hilarious dude yeah who
was doing a reverse shit with a banana
just like as you're waiting to go ah so
he had a banana that he was like another
slurping it like it was a reverse shit
and he's doing this in front of you know
these people are hammered it's like a
Wednesday night or some shit right and
sustance says he grabs me by the arm you
don't have to perform here we're gonna
we're gonna get ya and I said no fuckin
way I go listen ya my people I go just
trust me let me go up my pee I'm like
this is what I do many all the gigs that
I got embossed we're all bar gay yeah
yeah we'll also plus it's once you've
done a bunch of them yeah it's like
chaos it's fun you know what to do what
to do yeah for sure it's a different
kind of comments like combat comedy yeah
which it was at that time you ran into
that more than you didn't run into that
yeah but even today if you get rode gigs
if you're a up-and-coming guy yeah or
gal and you get wrote especially if
you're a gal yeah girls go get it way
harder in the early days people like my
friend's girlfriend admitted the other
day that when she sees a female comedian
at a comedy club she cringes still to
this day she goes I get super
uncomfortable when they start going
onstage and when they're if they're
funny it's a huge relief isn't that
crazy
as a feminist I hate saying that it's
terrible I consider myself a feminist I
hate saying I feel like it's gotten
beyond that I feel like there's so many
oh yeah such strong at the top of the
chain but if you're in some weird
club in the middle of nowhere and some
yeah I get the I get that for you I get
like especially if you're feminists and
you're around you just don't want her to
bomb because they you think well they're
all the rest of the audience is gonna
think that's what always - and there's
that she just doesn't think they're
funny very often or just she's not a
comic so she's just being honest about
it
and we were like oh yeah but back then
it was like eight every time even when
my good clubs like the comic strip or
Caroline's it was just like it was war
war it was war but nothing compared to
like they get you ever get any of those
Bob gonzo gigs in New Jersey oh yeah
okay oh god yeah it was like a frat
party that just threw you up they didn't
want comedy though they turn you they
season you in a different way they
season you for like like the Comedy
Store was similar to that for a long
time Konami store and the early days had
no crowd control right literally zero
yeah so the crowd was in kids in control
sometimes yeah no one ever shot anybody
up
no but the new regime it's it's handled
so much different there's a new concept
that's so much better
it's so much better but it did make you
bulletproof yeah you know how to handle
drunk you came through that air through
that time or maybe it still exists when
you're going through but yeah you just
if you do that many gigs that's why I
don't I really don't believe in just
going to your one little alt room over
and over again where you know you're
coddled and supported and I really
believe that you have to go into all
these hellish situations so you just
anywhere you go you know you can go and
kill yeah that's an important part to
being a comedian yeah and you also as
you become a successful comedian you
could fall into the trap of only
performing in front of your audience
right you know you really do have to
drop in on other people shows yeah right
who people don't know who you are and
why yeah that's what's great about the
store lineup too right there's 15
comedians right they're probably not
there to see you know here to see this
guy or that car
yeah no it's great yeah you know you
have to be able to survive because you
see people to come out of those other
environments and then they get thrown
into this and they they don't know how
to act yeah I think comedies like a lot
of other things that are difficult
there's things that you can do to get
better at those you know like they say
that like if you take if you learn
languages you could get better at chess
I read something about that make sense
don't make that up
it sounds about right move that I would
learn a new language it'll make you
better at chess I might have made that
up
just the way your brain is trying to
think if all the different like
cross-training methods how could it be
better at chess do you play chess no but
I want to but I'm scared it's fun I'm
scared why you saw me play quake earlier
I have addiction oh yeah easy addiction
problems chess is addicting Tom Papa
walked in and Jeff and I were going to
war oh it was the most intense thing
I've ever seen you do isn't it both of
you on the keyboard and the thing
sweating your ass off in front of these
monitors you are taking like deep deep
breaths in the middle of it these guys
just firing off at each other it was
intense you got to try to stay calm and
these we're in this very small map so I
always know where he is he always knows
where I am and there's a limited amount
of ammunition and armor and when you get
jacked and you come back less strong
with a weaker weapon you got a run to
get a good weapon quick and then you got
a run to get where the fucking armor is
and he knows where that shit is so it's
a crazy duel like if he kills me he'll
kill me two or three times in a row it
was so much faster than I thought it was
gonna be oh yeah I mean in real intense
is it always that like you're just in
one courtyard one stone courtyard many
many maps you can just go yeah but this
is that's a good one for one-on-one okay
we have these one-on-one matches the
most fun because there's no other
variables right the variables of like if
there's like ten people in the room
everybody just shooting everybody which
is a lot of these maps I'll show you
that too that's more chaos oftentimes
you get killed when you're fighting a
guy then someone comes from behind you
don't see them and they shoot you
it's annoying so how addicting is this
for you Oh real Rio it's real problems
you used to do it right yeah yeah I'm
Way better at now I'll do like for an
hour and then I'll stop then you'll be
good in the old days but everything's
addictive to me man every time now all
of it anything I like I know I like is
like it becomes addictive that's why
your shoulders messed up but it's not
the shoulder it was more of a
maintenance thing it wasn't it wasn't
that bad was just getting a little sore
and I wanted to get look down there's
some tendinitis in there right so I just
I'm real proactive at 51 I have to be
real proactive about injuries and when
things feel squirrelly yeah it's the
problem you can get hurt and then you
can't work out anymore
mm-hmm yeah I like it too much yeah I
like but even if it's not something as
intense as jujitsu mm-hmm
I just need to do something whether it's
yoga or running is this like me no work
out me work out I like yeah when I work
out so much more I like me better
it happened to me in San Francisco after
the day after the banya I'm just I just
woke up I good shows Friday I'm just
like but I just woke up like just in a
shitty mood just kind of yeah and I knew
if I could just get my shoes on and go
for a run I mean a whole day is gonna be
different
yep and it's a half hour just going out
doing a comeback and I was a totally in
the same room just feeling completely
different not crazy it's just a mental
shit you're flooding your brain with all
the beautiful thoughts and ideas that
happen in there and while you're running
while you're breathing you got all these
fucking ideas that come to your brain
you get interested you're breathing and
you're running you're constantly run out
slow down a little bit then you're like
fuck yeah we're out here doing it
running it's a big deal and this who
knows what chemicals are firing off in
your brain did it's my dog and me
because we run together a lit
inseparable really it's crazy it's
hilarious and follows me everywhere like
when I sit down and sits right next to
me
it's the best I've never had a
relationship with a dog like this oh man
I've had dogs I loved that were great
but this dogs like stuck to me like glue
it's so great part of it is because we
run so much yeah again so thrilled so
when we run he turns and he'll run ahead
of me and then he'll come back to me to
check up on me well it comes back and
runs with like this big smiles again how
far you running with him a couple miles
that's Nils just a pretty steep hill no
that's good that's a workout yeah I know
if I'm if I have a short time yeah
Doolittle the there's one real steep
trail that I run this once to each other
we have to drive to a little bit but
it's super steep oh yeah it's way out
near like Agora
no one's rough yeah that's a rough one
that's got to be tough yeah because it's
real long it's like the whole thing is
the hills because the hills are no
pounding right and get a good Hill under
you it's way harder yeah why I just I
base it on 140 beats a minute anytime I
get below 140 beats a minute
I'd start running again uh-huh but I'll
do these Sprint's I'll go as far as I
can I get into the 180s and then when
I'm like fuck I gotta take a break I
just take a break and I look at my
heartbeat get my heartbeat down now
somewhere in the 140 is 440 anywhere
around 1:45 that I'm ready to go again
right and then I'll go again
and I'm usually like one 60s yeah
running dudes it's rough Hills are rough
I was a really referent thing but it's
changed my taking power
oh you actually gave me more kicking
power yeah mmm I can kick believe it or
not it's probably like I want to see
like 10% 5 or 10% more power from the
runs yeah my pips are bigger muscles
around my like my butt like the hip area
right you know like where your belt is
like right below where your belt is yeah
I never had a muscle there right what is
that it's crazy they just bone hills
this is all from running hills bland
when I stomp like if I stomp the back
like a front kick to the bag that that
forward thrust is the same thing you're
doing all the time when you're running
right you're running you're pushing off
one leg you pushing off the other leg
push cuz you're going up a hill yeah
you're kicking you're pushing off that
leg and thrusting that other leg forward
it's crazy is your dog go down the hills
does your dog ever get tired yeah it's
hard
yeah it's we know when they get tired
they get tired when you throw the ball
right then it's a sprint it's a sprint
and then you bring it back a sprint
bring it back like seven times like
y'all bro I'm coming to lie down over
here like no no come on man
come on man my sister has to put down
her dog tonight you know sixteen year
old dog a big like uh like almost like a
spaniel kind of thing sixteen years and
she's just she's just been hanging on
she's just been the greatest and tonight
7:30 Wow just has to go just there's no
joy left she just can't go anymore it's
gonna be rough I've talked to her on my
way in and just like what a brutal thing
to have to do yeah sixteen years yeah my
dog get hit by a car when I was like 14
Oh 14 or 15 right in front of me has
taken her across the street and we
hadn't we had a busy street in her house
and some car came down the street really
fast she got off the leash and ran right
into this uh hit her in a Volkswagen ah
yeah I was rough dude I carried her up
to the house did she die instantly she
died and like she died looked in like 15
20 minutes
ah that's so brutal rough she started
shitting all over the place how old was
she she wasn't that old
yeah maybe five or six oh it's brutal
there's nothing worse it's so painful
sweet dog - yeah bummer my she just
loved being in the park and we were
headed to the park and she just got a
little too excited and ran you know I
didn't see the car coming I didn't get a
hold of her collar and Tom it's brutal
it was so bad it was so bad she you know
she got knocked flying I don't even know
she was gonna die you couldn't tell
there was all the injuries were internal
water upstairs
she starts shitting herself start
shitting all over the place now it was
very unusual for her she was yeah his
house trained yeah
you know I was really scared Oh have you
had to go through any pet deaths with
your kids yet yeah yeah the two my two
dogs so I just had to put both of my
dogs down my dogs oh really yeah you
know they were 13 it was a mastiff he
was 13
wow that's great run Mastiff at the end
I used to have to carry him into that
house yeah he couldn't walk anymore he
would walk like literally we feel like
he would walk a step walk a step and
just stay and his legs would be shaking
it was said had the kids handling how
they were really sad yes Hardman isn't
that the hardest thing when you watch
your kids have to deal with it so it
makes it so much harder yeah doesn't
mean it's but they're trying to be brave
I think there's a lesson in it you know
Oh for real I think it's uh it's not a
good experience but I think it's good
for them to experience oh yeah yeah
absolutely
obviously yeah through it you know I pet
deaf and and just cut just having those
little relationships with animals you
know when you're a kid it's like your
dog you could always talk to them and oh
yeah you can say crazy shit to the dog
you know you're talking be sent in your
room with you and you go you know what
it's just you and me no one understands
me
your parents are acting like assholes no
one likes you in the house but your dog
still does you're gonna come with me
let's go I'm taking the dog mom it's the
best but watching your kids like trying
to be brave trying not to cry that is
such a heartbreaker just trying to be
like oh this is the worst
yeah this is like kill me hey do you
notice up by your house we have
mosquitoes now we have like legit then
we never had mosquitoes out here aim
they're just like real mosquitoes and
then and they bite you only from like
your knee down everybody around where I
live is saying the same thing we've
never had mosquitoes if you just wear
pants then your promise
I only wear pants so how they bitin you
well I take my shoes off when someone
don't do that you're right though I have
noticed mosquitoes I noticed some last
night we never had them yeah in Southern
California before I don't know where
they're coming from well we definitely
had them you just didn't have many of
them and this is how I know we had them
I moved into a house once in Encino and
no one had lived there for like at least
a year I think and the pool had not been
tended to so the pool was filled with
mosquito larvae oh and it's like fish
like schools of fish oh my gosh around
there I was freaking out I was like what
is that are these fish and I you know
hired this guy Kevin the pool guy Kevin
the pool guy came over and he was like
brother
those are mosquito larvae oh my god no
it's a new thing I mean we used to have
our doors open or windows open no
screens no problem but no all of a
sudden just this last year yeah we're so
sad you have to live like the rest of
world now I don't know why do I live
here if I have to put screens on my
windows do you think that'll last will
it change I don't know have you heard
about this do you see that shit that I
posted yesterday about that yellow
mustard plant yeah black mustard looks
so beautiful I was like oh that's nice
and it was the most ominous posting
though but it's very strange man because
this shit exists before like I never saw
it like on the same Hills where I'm
seeing it dominate the hill yeah it
literally didn't exist a year ago and
now it's just like an invasive plant
yeah it's a crazy planet I just looked
up mosquitoes in Los Angeles and the
things - it's an article from the end of
last year but it says have you
experienced an unusual number of
mosquitoes bites this summer
mostly but no excuse me mostly below the
knee and especially around your ankles
it's a called an 8 it's called a TS an
aids aids bug you have a TSA edes and
that's a real problem yeah it's a
problem it's a real problem it says what
do I live in just read it
des and it's a real problem it's funny
they're spreading like wildfire says
Susan clue director of scientific and
technical research services for the
Greater Los Angeles County Vector
Control District
sounds like Suzanne needs money for a
fucking business that's what sounds like
to me but our phones are exploding fake
news kidding Los Angeles is home to two
particularly troubling types of invasive
ADEs mosquitoes oh man look at that the
Asian tiger mosquito arrived first
having hitched a ride with shipments of
lucky bamboo from China you and your
bamboo I don't think my pole barbel I
think it's like a polymer China in 2001
vector control specialists monitored
plant nurseries across the county and
soon stopped finding the mosquitoes in
their traps they thought the insects had
been eradicated however in 2011
residents and El Monte began complaining
about unusually aggressive daytime
biting mosquitoes plaguing the
neighborhood yes in the daytime this is
happening they infiltrated what do you
think would happen if people started
seeing malaria mmm in America a second
why hasn't that happened good question
I'm sure dr. Peter Hotez could have
explained that to us right when he was
talking about infectious diseases from
malaria is hilarious em and know when I
was a little high Oh West Nile virus to
pop up a lot with mosquitoes not like
not like everyday or anything like that
I know that had to spray certain
neighborhoods all the time like stay and
keep the kids and keep your pets and
we're spraying your neighbors yeah West
Nile I didn't sign for this how about
how about signing up for spraying yeah
and in the West Nile because the spray
is gonna get to everybody they used to
spray when I was a kid in New Jersey
they would spray for the gypsy moths
Jesus they just come with they wouldn't
even tell us this is just like look at
that plane and shit would be coming out
of its ass and think of the difference
between the way a butterfly gets treated
and a moth
yeah well moths deserve it dirty they're
a little chalky and they have a plain
color they've got like that baseball
hang then the same thing the other gray
or white well yeah but it's only the way
they look
he had a butterflies beautiful it isn't
that crazy orange black like we love
them love them you find a spider you
stomp it you would never go to a zoo and
go into the moth house if you kill a
ladybug you're an asshole Oh completely
your type of person kills ladybugs yeah
but if you don't kill roach I can't hang
out with you you let a roach run across
the kitchen floor you like satnaam roach
sod Nam I see you got a roach in your
kitchen lady dots on it why are we
racist with bugs because there's such
thing as beauty okay that's why
squirrels get a pass and rats don't yes
bushy tail yeah looking cute style
vikrant's jacket matches the tail was
just because they found out if the tails
grew bushy people would stop killing
them yeah I mean what's more disgusting
than just a skinned tail with nothing on
it
awesome awesome tail why somes don't
even cause any problems there just see
us tick possum tail yeah oh you fucking
get your bad hands little hands and your
little reptile tail fuck little beady
eyes disgusting yeah but like we we have
certain animals that we'd like like
raccoons
look we don't rat cook like raccoons in
there eating out of your garbage but now
if someone had a pet raccoon you would
think that's the dopest thing ever we
have we secretly want relationships
raccoons if they would only be nicer to
us yes we would embrace raccoons
raccoons don't want to have shit to do
with us they don't I don't get it
we just mark what you smart for us we're
nice to them I thought these people are
assholes it's weights they go to sleep
and eat their trash I'll just eat this
fresh savory ether garbage they put lids
on it doesn't work they've got that cool
black mass yeah you lift the lid you
throw it aside you pull the bag out
their hands I know if people ends I know
we can grab stuff smoke cigarettes hang
out yeah the next they also kill
chickens well so do we
do you know who's a real predator skunks
skunks or predators there's a skunk
living in the back of my yard
sprayed my dog oh no it's still there I
think so
come on bro man up what am I gonna do
take out skunk hazmat suit a BB gun time
to go to war
I gotta go crawl under the thing and
find him problem of the thing go look at
this fucking hand that's crazy
it's like he's flaunting he's like yeah
look at that Wow his hand is so much
smaller than his face it's crazy you
imagine if your hand was that small and
relationship T is the size of your head
he's adorable though isn't he he is a
cute little fella it's like look at look
you think I've stayed out of your
garbage no way
look what I'm working with do they have
opposable thumbs look what I'm working
with didn't quite seem like it looks
like five fingers
you know thumb right that's the thing
they never figured out look at his teeth
they never figured it out like they had
meetings dudes we just need a thumb let
me see the teeth they're looking he's
got his mouth open
oh you're that whoa that way yeah that
would really hurt your fucking sucked
look one of them's chipped if a yeah
from biting you in the head do you think
if a racket attacked you could fight it
off no well you could see lump it would
you do would you give up it might cut
your neck when would you decide we're
going to to the death immediately
immediately yeah you wouldn't try to
talk to raccoon out of this no fuck off
Susie makes a move I'm Randy now because
I've been thinking about it since
childhood oh look at that one I don't
want that one bite my nose yeah a hyena
no the raccoon and made that thing I've
been thinking these things are coming
after it's my whole life so if he makes
a move it's on bro those teeth are
goddamn terrifying
yes look at those teeth now and they're
sneaky that's a big thing and they're
filled with rabies filled yeah to the
top like their balls are heavy with rape
it's just oozing out of them two water
balloons
raku swish senses touch Oh when hunting
raccoons rely on their hands more than
their eyes and going to touchy studies
suggest that their sensitivity to touch
increases when their hands are wet which
might be why they always wash their food
why I just washed my hands and now I am
going to touch you when you sleep
I know that you and your children where
he was sleeping with my finger hands
like if a rat was as big as a raccoon
and try to kill you you'd be fucking
terrified no we'd be we'd be spraying oh
there were rats eyes things just going
through LA yeah why do you think we'll
spray for these mosquitos I think it's
time to call our congressman well I
think that everyone's afraid of
chemtrails and if you start spraying
cheese circling Greater Los Angeles
dropping poison down that's the rat with
the pizza I've seen that guy oh yeah the
pizza rat that's famous rats are
disgusting - yeah they're pretty gross
you've seen that Netflix documentary on
rats yeah no oh no really dude oh dude
really yeah you need to watch it because
it's um it's educational it's not just
gross and it's really gross but when you
realize how many of them there really
are in major cities yeah the biomass of
them yeah it's stunning really York's
all rat it's just just rats
this is many rat is more or somewhere in
the neighborhood of as many rats as
there are people really and there's 8
million people and there's how many more
as as many or more cheese yeah just
don't think they know I mean you see
them non-stop walking around they're
just guessing yeah obviously most of
them are subterranean most of my living
in houses and most of them I mean they
burrow their way into tiny little holes
how long does a rat live to a question
how long does a rat live because they're
born there's a lot of them but do they
stick around for like 20 years
dude the documentary showed how they
send young rats to try out poison really
yeah the oldest rats they send them out
there because they don't know any better
they let them die they're just assholes
Wow yeah they here's a little tip if
they're ever doing construction in New
York in front of a restaurant you don't
eat it you don't need on that Street why
because they're digging it up whatever
their little ecosystem is and they're
just yeah so if they're digging up the
street they're dying somewhere else I
would imagine in New York it must be so
hard to keep them out of the restaurant
oh it's gotta be so hard like I guess
maybe leave some in the dumpster forum
what key give it to the monsters just
ahead yeah
a girl into the the stakes for Kong
everybody else alone not a little shish
kebab stick your last jobs when you're
closing down the restaurant you litigate
down the rats are our friends put the
skulls out well what is interesting what
are those various sizes of them they
mostly go about two pounds says in New
York City he doesn't think there's any
better three because they'd be too big
to be able to move around right but the
physical physiological limit to their
size just say how long they live average
about two years one to two years in the
wild up to four if you have it as a pet
oh wow that's it yeah hamsters like that
my wife had rats for pets when she was a
kid wish Goff no she was just a Jersey
kid just loved animals and she would
just ride her bike around in this rat
would just be like on her shoulders
Jesus Christ we were at lady weird but
it was but she said they were super
smart and super affectionate yeah if you
had it it's a whole life and you raise
it right yeah why not yeah it's not
dirty it's not like going through the
sewers and eating poo and climbing on
your hand right but it would if you just
let it go maybe 100 percent she like had
it out with her go rat like if you just
let it let it loose in the wild how long
would it take for how long would it take
for domesticated rat to adapt to living
in like a New York City sewer 40 seconds
what do you think they were do they're
crazy fucking Disney look at you from
the suburbs
we've been living in a house yeah with
like you know those multicolored rats
they have like little different colors
on them are you so clean with your pink
hair oh you got different colors look at
you hey Joe get a load of this one he's
not even Greg hey how come you any gray
look at you you're white you're brown
you're like a fucking dog over there you
think you're better than us don't you
yeah hey get over here I guess you don't
know how to get him into the restaurant
do you hungry what do you got money on
you you give us some money we'll show
you we get all the good food
yeah you ever been a little italy wait
till I show you what's up so roll the
dice getting born a rat being born a rat
whoa oh the worst terrible nobody likes
you no one likes you but you I haven't
you do survive pretty well you'd be
better off being a javelina what's a
javelina it's a peccary
what's a peccary it's like your cousin
to a pig what's a pig lives you know
Doug lives in Bisbee Arizona who by the
way I think it's so it sold out but he's
taping his uh his next special in Vegas
next month oh nice yeah in Vegas that's
cool where he lives in Bisbee like he
basically that's that's a javelina he
lives really close the border like I
think he's only like six miles from the
border some crazy shit and these things
live in the wild out in the desert right
fucking there
aggressive ooh and they fucked up his
neighbor's dog they killed his
neighbor's dog yeah yeah man the dog was
out and the javelinas will flank it like
to get on both sides of it and they they
like in a pack yeah they hunt in a pack
and they will attack a small dog ooh
that thing's disgusting yeah they're
gross that's that's like a giant rat it
looks like a giant rat well it does it
it looks like a pig fuck - Rhett OH
somebody shot at this guy
Oh Rosco people hunt them all the time
looks like a pig fucked a rat hey see
that got shot Owen it doesn't go your
Pig fuck - right yeah click on the guy
who shot one ya bow and arrow a lot of
guys hunt them with archery equipment
see wouldn't it be better if he was
dressed in my gut with a tie none of
those boots no I don't want that thing
to see you look at that that's a rat
face throw that is rats epic shirt they
left on a giant body screw scroll back
to that last one to make it bigger again
yeah bro that guy's hunting rats oh
that's like a slightly different looking
rat oh you want to know what's really
giant rat that's a hundred-pound rat
yeah without a tail it's so gross
and you know what's really crazy is
those are animals they'll they're the
best
animal to a call now what a call is is
like you've made a make a sound of a
wounded animal no you may glad like
something that's suffering like people
take their hand these fuckers
run in they run in real yes they're so
aggressive it's crazy they think
something's hurt and I can go he hit
they but they have to act quick cuz
there's coyotes out there and mountain
lions out there so when something's
hurtin like fuck food and they just run
towards it so when you're bow hunting
you almost have to have one person make
the call and you're at full draw and
then they start calling and the things
come running in and you shoot at them
yeah you couldn't do it you couldn't get
to the bow one time cuz they'd see you
know you'll fuck it's a guy turn off the
other way again yeah
are these like invasive are they all
over he's already know they're natural
there's no but I mean are they not
invasive but I mean is there a lot of
them yes there's like a ton around where
they exist yeah I mean they exist in the
desert I mean they they exist in healthy
enough populations you people hunt for
them Wow
and they eat them they say oh yeah I
wouldn't eat that but you eat eat a pig
yeah but they're cuter wild boar yeah
crazy tusks looking yeah those are gross
pretty gross no my pigs my Kingsley
those the ones I eat have bow ties it's
climbing around this guy's garage in
little tap shoes who the shit bro
they're staring I'm down there in his
garage there's a whole bunch of em fuck
is that
alright on your kid's toy look at this
it's all its hairs up anyway look at
that it's just gonna take a dump in your
driveway who'd you do not want that in
your life I don't want to live there
there's fucking 20 of them in this guy's
driveway see that one there in the back
how many grow that back again how many
were there there was like 12
what is the name in that video four
people want to watch it wild javelinas
make a visit to Arizona home why
yeah I know you can't show though those
fucking things are everywhere there's a
lot of them with the wild I have a lead
how many of them there are at least
eight and then there's the one that was
on top of the there's nine and then
there's one that was on top of the truck
and there's one that you could see
through the fence
yeah and it's probably more out there oh
it's going in the car it's going into
the kids little car Jesus Christ oh it's
in the passenger seat of the car Oh
gross fucking I feel like wild javelina
is like a Dean Martin song you think so
man they're weird-looking too they look
like they're demons I don't like them at
all a little beady eyes like they're up
to no good but every little kid you're
thinking like a why I wouldn't live
there because that's there but if you
live in New York you at night who knows
what's climbing all around your building
right oh it could be Eagles and shit
right so we're talking about Google get
into my house in Google javelina
eats baby let's see if that's ever
happened yeah human baby let's see if
that happened what do you think if I
have Alina ate a human yeah like you see
those fucking things yes 20 in that
guy's trial they're definitely eating
babies some exaggerate it wasn't 20
someone's eating a baby right now
probably 30 it was probably 12 baker's
dozen a baker's dozen of javelinas yeah
they would eat a baby a toddler yeah
knock it down yeah I mean if they eat a
dog yeah they're scared of people they
were obviously weren't scared of that
dude now that's a full-grown person and
a baby doesn't the bird doesn't have
anything I know I put it to hair up
spikes up to let you know it's
threatened did I ever tell you the story
when I pulled a rat out of my pool
vacuum yeah
was it alive
no did stink it did it stunk
I'm like why isn't the vacuum working
did you think about a divine and I
pulled it up and there was a half a rat
it's ass sticking out the vacuum
as soon as I got it above the water
flies just pull it out without it
there's a quick raking where the fuck
are the flies before the shit good
question
where the fuck are they all over there
not that many like if you if you're
around by a person backyard yeah how
often you see flies now and then there's
one it's kind of annoying but if you
just pulled your pants down shat on the
ground flies on that was it a matter of
moments oh you mean right after I swam
Yeah right after you swam right under
law I mean you're after swim shit yeah
yeah and then all of a sudden they show
up yeah it's disgusting it happened so
fast so gross all of a sudden they're
all over yeah where'd you guys come from
we should just stay inside well did you
find a baby death from a javelina a
couple of months ago it's not come
people in it Arizona were attacked and
they had like Oh maaaan was bit while
she was walking her dogs another guy was
bit while he was feeding them and he
didn't feed it fast enough and it bit
him
that's about as much like a fine well
the lady who got bit that's the scary
one because the guy who fed him was an
asshole
Yeah right the scary one there was a
lady got bit by a coyote recently in
Dallas oh yeah no no no yeah I was
around the Dallas area I think they
think that this is one coyote that's
been biting people
it's a rogue unusual coyote just
snapping at people
oh really yeah they had bite marks on
their legs oh my god that's gross man
because they will kill you
yeah they would kill you they're just
small they're just not sure if it's
worth the effort and you're around
people and they're worried that you know
one on one cuz you fight off a coyote I
don't know if you could man I mean I
think you probably could if you had to
but they'll fuck you up man just keep
buying there's a few of them that's
where the real problem comes if they
bite you in the right spot yeah man the
rip your tendons apart you won't be able
to run away they know what they're doing
to you know though they try to take your
legs out I mean they know what they're
doing they're not gonna try to jump up
and bite you in the neck they're gonna
try to take your your hamstrings out
right trying to rip your legs apart so
you can't run okay so mean that's how
they're alive you're not leaving any
food out for them are you no I've got to
do what they got to do
it's called domestication that's how we
have
dogs you ever take your family camping I
have not yeah I haven't either I would
though I wanted to take my kids to
Yosemite because I love Yosemite do you
bring a peace sign arm nothing nothing
just went solo we weren't killing we're
staying in an end we're staying in an
inn what about emergency food no my
phone nothing oh just a phone first-aid
kit nothing a bag of Funyuns and an
iPhone mmm so I need and I want to show
them you assembly because it's such a
great part of my life I love it I've
been lived in the backcountry for like a
week at a time I just love the whole
thing and I'm telling them about and I'm
building it up they're like you know we
grudgingly going they're all vegetarians
they just love nature they just love
whatever so I'm like you're gonna love
Yosemite as soon as we drove into the
park
welcome to Yosemite I ran over a
squirrel the horror inside the car dad
you didn't even slow down what's wrong
you're a monster like I can't it's two
lanes there's a guy behind front I just
would steamroll the squirrel
they were so I hope they were in the
whole weekend any time I'd be like look
at this look at this beautiful view
you killed a squirrel you didn't even
care that's the weird part dang you
didn't even care is that what this hand
yeah I suppose do cry I was just
laughing right like a bitch exactly
that's why he killed a deer you'd be
sadder right yeah I can't damn I can't
believe that oh she was so nice with a
little eyes and a little tail this is
grow up peccary yeah if you kill him I'm
javelinas he's a fucking rat thing fine
it's mom then javelina would ruin your
that much to bite your teeth could
probably use its teeth to tear your
tires apart and be stuck in the side of
the road trying to change the tire you
turn around there's a whole pack of them
closing in on you would you not take
your family because of all of this event
do you not want them in the woods with
you what am i a danger in the woods or
become a werewolf what the fuck
you just got a senior night trust me
I'll be right back
not that you're the threat run that
you'd have to protect them from all the
threats well I mean Yosemite doesn't
have that many threats other than people
bears they have black bears then yeah
most of mountain lion mountain lions are
an issue
there's always something out there yeah
grizzly bears or you just you just don't
feel like that's because you like going
out in the nature you go I do it stuff I
do like one of the nature I also like be
indoors like sleeping in a place where
it's awesome to sleep people wiser than
me I figured out that that maneuver is
called a bed with a roof and a locked
door and a refrigerator you fucking cave
person oh I'm gonna rough it I'm gonna
sleep on the ground you don't have to
did you know that house yeah but when
you go hunting and stuff don't you sleep
in the woods sometimes most the time no
I'm gonna have oh you don't you go back
depends on what what guys I go with
right like if I go with Steve Rinella we
always almost always go camping except
for when we're at our friend Doug
Durin's place which is he lives in
Wisconsin and he's got a giant farm I
hunt deer on hunted deer on there and
that place he's got a cool little little
like a deer hunting house oh yeah that's
near this yeah like a cabin it's like a
house it's like a house how nice it's a
small house that everybody like hangs
out there's in different spots there
yeah right right right
I'd like to take my kids camping there's
something nice about yeah leapin in the
woods enjoy nature yeah you know else
it's cool not getting eaten HBO take a
shower in the morning that's nice yeah a
coffee that's the big thing yeah yeah
look uh there's nothing better than a
campfire
I know hanging out uh especially at the
end of a long day of hiking yeah it's an
ass campfire and and if you get one of
those little grates over the campfire
you start cooking kaboom
the best things in life I know yeah and
I feel like my kids don't have that
connection because uh do you worry about
being with them in the woods yeah a
little bit
if anybody gets hurt it's hard to get
out yeah and just that you know it's
like if you and I went we're both
responsible for we'd help each other out
but I'm gonna leave you got your act to
get but I'm gonna leave you I'm sorry
what I'm gonna leave say that again
yeah I just planning a camping trip like
we're gonna look out for each other I'm
gonna leave you behind
I'll tell you right now with you but I'm
not I can't handle any adversity I will
fall apart which don't were you going
and we're not going in too far I will
walk one mile when the alarm goes off
dude seriously you're not gonna help me
out no I'll call somebody when I go back
there I'll owe someone I'll just file
the blood he's got a backpack full of
slim jims to be all right it'll be good
he's got enough food on well I left him
one liter of my piss
you can drink that just not as like
where I peed a horrible camping I've got
good news and bad news the bad news is I
don't have any water the good news is I
have to pee what I wanted me to fill up
your gnal gene bottle awful no but
you're if you go with your kids and
you're like you're responsible for
everybody and everything and yeah that's
pretty yeah maybe just a hike well
there's nothing wrong with camping with
you kids a good idea just you know you
have to you should if you really are
gonna go camping you definitely should
bring first aid and definitely bring a
satellite phone and and you can camp in
places that you know you're not
backcountry yeah a mile in you could
just you know pull up walk 200 feet get
yourself a fucking Airstream son pull
that bitch behind ya part turn the
generator on
satellite TV yeehaw that would be fun
I've won you you can rattle those floors
you can rent those in just making
friends yeah I think I would like to
like load them up in an RV kind of
situation go see the Grand Canyon Oh
like a Utah vacation yeah Chevy Chase
yeah yeah yeah I think that gonna be fun
two more people just died in the Grand
Canyon what fell yeah really yeah why
they're not uh no just doing the
railings I don't know I don't know what
happened I just read to more people just
follow their death and the grand can
really let's see if you find out what's
going on why are people that was one of
the first hikes I did with my father we
do in the switchbacks what you said Jeff
I thought there's a reason why I see one
guy who's got too close and slipped and
I need to know stop falling if I had
Google glass I didn't known already yeah
if I had that memory link why everything
that Jamie's worried about Jamie's gonna
be the first one to get it then he's
gonna like organize to make sure they
know that's it my thought on that too is
like we're gonna be the first one to get
it and how yeah aside that um well for
sure like money
Marcus Brownlee and Lou from unbox
therapy they'll get it first and they'll
put it on and then they'll start running
the world that doesn't have it early and
they go out no one else gets this don't
you but Mark Zuckerberg probably already
has it you don't want to know what right
now yeah offend his case yeah it's um
it's coming something's coming yeah man
what's it gonna be who knows what's
gonna be yeah something's coming and
something's gonna be more invasive than
what we're experiencing now mm-hmm so I
can be sure of they're gonna figure out
to get more and more data you know Sam
Harris has a really interesting podcast
that's out it's either the one that's
going on right maybe the two weeks ago
and it was all about I should probably
find it it was all about privacy privacy
and what's the difference between the
way different tech companies approach
privacy actually makes you respect how
Apple does it oh yeah yeah I mean they
apparently they do it much more I guess
the world would be their more ethical
about it uh-huh was then they're trying
not to give away any the trouble with
Facebook is what it's called I was
reading a thing yesterday that you know
you put those doorbell things on you
know like ring you know that records
people coming up to you and they said
you know you think it's cool for you and
your family but the UPS guy all these
delivery people are getting their
picture taken and sent to a database
every day like these people are being
monitored all the time so well it's good
for you it's not that great for these
other people that visit you this guy's
name is Roger McNamee that's the one
it's the trouble of Facebook it's
episode 152 it's really it's very
interesting because that what it goes
into is about how tech companies figured
out how to tap into a resource that no
one thought of and that resource is your
data and how much is that worth well it
turns out it's worth fucking untold
billions right it's one of the most
valuable things cuz it you can direct
market to people you could find out what
people are in tune with they're not into
yeah you get a you get a lot of people
you can get a hold of and we kind of
gave our consent to this without
understanding it yeah and they got in
through a loophole and this is how
they're able to make you know ungodly
amounts of money just because we wanted
to have that cool feature so you just
say yeah here's take it from me I mean
think about the amount of money
something like facebook brings in versus
what it is like what is it what are you
doing what are you doing this making all
that money right they're providing
people with data yeah you know and
they're also getting people to the it's
like an ongoing psychological experiment
in what makes people engage mm and what
makes people comment more right it's out
it's anger oh really yeah it turns out
that what makes people engage the most
as things they disagree with when they
started having fights and fights back
and forth so you you get people to get
really into these polarizing subject
right and then you
once they start looking for those
subjects then those subjects start
showing up in their feeds it's all such
things they get angry about so then they
start interacting with these things the
more you interact the more more it shows
up in your feed and all the while
they're profiting on enraging you like I
mean this is essentially what they do
see Facebook patent uses image
recognition to scan your personal photos
for brands oh my god yeah so they just
take all your photos and burrito bags in
the back applying computer vision
algorithms to user uploaded multimedia
objects to detect specific objects
within the multimedia object and
promoting the uploaded multimedia object
from a user's newsfeed to a Sponsored
Stories area that's what the patent was
awarded for Wow easily a vision content
detection for Sponsored Stories wow
that's crazy man yeah you snap a selfie
sippin a unicorn frappe at Starbucks and
then shares that selfie on Facebook or
Instagram Facebook's new we patented
technology and theoretically scan the
photo spot the Starbucks cup with the
help of an image object recognition
algorithm and then sell that info to
Starbucks alerting the coffee giant of
the fact that you like its product well
they're already doing a version of that
with your searches yeah things you're
looking at you know when you go through
their browse or they're already doing
that well they're doing it also with
voice your phone is listening to you all
the time
yeah if you have Alexa in your home it's
listening mm-hmm my kids and we we do it
all the time like you talking about
something and then all of a sudden you
see I was performing in Boise and so we
were talking about Boise Boise Boise and
then everybody on their Instagram was
getting an ad for vacationing and Boise
see that seems gesture must speaking it
yeah that seems like a really serious
thing it is it seems like a really
serious thing that everybody is just
like oh this is happening yeah I
remember signing off on this the
technologies ahead of our anger or our
recognition yeah we don't understand you
know so it's already happened by the
time you're upset that it exists right
yeah it's
it's in full full force right now yeah
yeah it's really weird it's really weird
it's really weird and we're just talking
about it this is just we think it's
you're just in in your home you're in a
private place mm-hmm
yeah but these phones they're this list
you know and again this is something
that didn't exist 10 years ago 15 years
ago these concerns didn't exist yeah
what will be the concerns 15 years from
now look how much more invasive as it's
going to get before we even recognize
that it's happening yeah cuz this is
this is something the the listening in
on things is something that people
didn't think about before it happened
right now they know it does well the
face recognition thing is there's a lot
of articles on that and how that we
don't realize well the China thing
totally makes sense right especially
yeah so many people's phones use face
recognition software right well the
Samsung phones have it you know my
Galaxy Note 9 has it yeah iPhones have
it yeah yeah and you're psyched about it
you're just like oh that's cool I don't
have to put in my password anymore mhm
I just looked at yeah yeah I'm in my app
they also have one that's an iris
scanner on the note the note scans your
irises oh really yeah
Wow it's quick to look see your eyeballs
like yep you're you fuck do you know man
what does that say Jamie I was trying to
find this the first time you brought up
but I know that there's these masks that
exists that are looking quotes like
hyper-realistic masks and I can be used
to I don't know if it's this is used to
help the face recognition but I think
people are using them to trick it and do
fake stuff and like you know if you
could commit a robbery with that on and
whoa right just like having a ski mask
on now they just can't see your face but
it will think if you had a hoodie on
yeah what about in Minority Report
remember when they had to pull his eye
they were selling eyeballs on the black
market for the eye scan to get into bill
all you have to do with that is put like
a bandana around your mouth right yeah
so it couldn't no one could see your
mouth moving have that thing on
sunglasses yeah but my even my iPhone
gets through my sunglasses which I don't
know how I know so what's facial
recognition so but what I'm saying is
with this like if you wanted to rob
someone and have something like even
with the face
recognition software would would think
that it would legitimately think you
were somebody else hopefully no and what
about Philly if we won we're doing our
job someone yeah and we're trying to rob
so hopefully not UTIs criminals it's
crazy it's gonna happen wait it's so
fast I mean yeah you know this is so new
also the like the special effects
technology that allows people to make
faces okay look how beautiful those
things look yeah it's so close to a
person yeah he's for 200 bucks you can
fly we should do it I should buy you and
that would be cool
that'd be crazy see if it can open up
your phone looks super creepy but oh
that's so weird
oh you guys are a demon if they got a
little latex it could be movable it'd be
kind of wow that looks pretty real
though I mean you know a little creepy
but that looks pretty accurate that's
crazy act I wouldn't look twice on the
walk down the street wouldn't even think
about it now you'd be like that guy has
a good shave beautiful person has skin
so smooth the baby's bottom it was
started off that's my face calm and it's
not been switched to whatever this is
your meaning surveillance that's just
creepy
she's there do you guys know is there a
problem with doing like any of those
23andme ancestry there you're gonna have
your DNA bro the government you're gonna
the Illuminati is gonna check your
fucking spit do they is it bad to do I
don't know I do not do it what are they
gonna do with it how they're gonna clone
me here bro if they want your DNA they
can get it just by touching your clothes
getting a hold of your stuff yeah they
can get a hold of you they could they
could find out all sorts of stuff from
hair samples right behind hair yeah if
you drink a Starbucks and then they grab
your cup they can get a DNA strand off
your cup then someone can get your DNA
sample right so it doesn't really matter
as much so if I want to find out if I'm
Greek or Italian should find out I
should find out yeah it's pretty
comprehensive have you done it yeah I've
done it oh yeah yeah it's interesting it
gives you a lot of other weird stuff to
like that you might have certain genes
for certain proclivities even including
like lactose intolerance propensity to
alcohol oh really alcoholism yeah mmm
some super athletes have certain muscle
genes you should find out if you have
those genes and power athletes like
almost extraordinary number of ones that
are successful in certain sports oh
really
yeah a type of gene yeah it gives you
all this you have to specify is that
yeah yeah oh it's a really detailed
report oh wow yeah it's it's really
detailed and covers all sorts of
different categories yeah it's cool too
and you find out like weird stuff you
know what part of Europe your parents
were from you know maybe you have some
Asian and you didn't know how you have
it's it's really cool yeah that's cool
it's cool it's um it's just it makes you
really think to get here in 2019 mm-hmm
what had to happen he had all the people
in the past and if you keep going back
you know I have a little bit of Asian in
me oh yeah it was like 1% or something
like that but thinking like where that
come from like ooh where was that is
that why you like jiu-jitsu I don't
think so I think a lot of people just
like jiu-jitsu bro is that why you like
sushi um I don't think it's that Asia
I'm from a different Asia but I don't
know oh I think you know if you saw
somebody though went through Asia hooked
up with somebody yeah for sure
but what I'm saying is I think that if
you look at what technology was
available like 200 years ago for finding
ancestry right people didn't even know
if that was their kid 50 years ago
exactly two years ago yeah I guess you
know yeah I mean maybe they had
paternity test 50 years ago did they
like just trying to find your roots like
back in Italy you just have to go find
like Town Hall and there's a book with
your great-grandfather's name in it yeah
but I mean you didn't even know if your
dad was really your dad if your mom was
a hoe well I knew that I knew that
around sixth grade I figured that out if
you wanted to know a hundred years ago
if you the father of someone's child you
have to look at the kid and go the kid
looks like man yeah or convinced
yourself that the kid looks like you're
right or convinced yourself the kid just
got your wife's features but it's still
your kid
right now you can actually get DNA test
done
it'd be like ooh you know what the
coldest heart of shit is when you find
out that it's not your kid but you still
have to pay child support because you've
been paying child support and you still
have to if the DNA confirms that he's
not it's in different states there's
different rules well I believe that's
how it is in California and I believe
that's how it is in several other states
who wear if turns out the young lady had
strayed now caught side dick hey hey hey
whoa gotta go now we got to keep paying
yeah whoo you know that's not gonna keep
an even if you do a DNA test and you
find out the child's not yours I think
once you have started paying unless you
you might have to go to court and Duke
it out but I don't think your payment
obligation stops just cuz it's not your
kid
oh and what a weird shift to like mm-hmm
you think it's this kid and you're
supporting them then to be switching
your head like no I'm not gonna help him
anymore
they didn't have testing really until
the 80s whoa yeah till the 80s oh it's a
whole new world Oh new world ye know J
trial was one of the first ones that
people didn't really even believe it
remember that's kind of how that's right
and they started just see us saying that
they didn't know how to handle the
samples and well wasn't there was some
funkiness with that too stepping all
over it yeah you still didn't believe
the one-in-a-trillion kind of numbers
they were passing out right I think
overzealous aggressive like police and
detectives I think that's common I think
that's a sure arm it is did you see that
fucking half a Tesla sentiment mowed did
you see that shit no you know Tesla is a
century mode and it caught some
politician back in his Escalade into a
model three scuffing it up getting out
looking at it trying to rub it out and
then taking off and they called him up
because they could see his face in the
video and they knew who it was because
this guy had been like a kind of
prominent politician and so um here it
is there's those little little nick but
they said it was like $2,000 to
my Jesus that's a lot of money for the
Little Neck yeah it seems a little
ridiculous little scuff so the dude just
backs into it and tries to jet yeah
it's funny yeah
bonk right into the Tesla to the side
look at that it's always recording yeah
he just backed his stupid car doesn't
know how to drive he might have been
drunk yeah yeah look at him looks at
looks at it alright don't do well he
tried to fix it he's in deep shit he
tried to fix it the fuck he did he
denied it when they call them oh they do
yeah and apparently that guy had already
been to jail for something else yeah
here dirty yeah he it's not good he
might be that's our man i i bumped in
someone's car once and i left a note
with my phone number and my my address
nice and are not my address my phone
number and my name and they called me up
and they just so happened to be very
good friends with someone who else runs
with huh so then he calls me up and he
tells me dude you hit my friend's car
that's that i go tell him to call me man
that's cool yeah it was noble well I
it wasn't bad but it was something yeah
you know it was like it was a little
scuff on the bumper right but it was my
it was I was like thank God I left a
message
yeah I feel like such a piece of shit
yeah my friend and he was like and some
fucking asshole hit my friend's car and
took off you believe that shit like no
crazy that's that's bullshit and now
cameras have everybody doing everything
so you'll always get busted yeah when do
you think it's gonna be where you have a
Tesla you know what those things do when
do you think it's gonna be where no
one's driving how many how many more
years we're well we're a lot of people
aren't driving 20 yeah I would say 20 to
30 you ever went Priuses were a joke
yeah someone had to preach like get that
fucking stupid thing away from me
yeah or even the early Tesla the
Roadster like do you know that top gear
you want to know you know that British
knob gear yes what's crazy I found out
they did an episode where they pretended
that the Tesla Roadster died on them
while they were driving around the track
but it didn't really die on though that
was just a storyline that they wanted it
to die so that's gross apparently the
way the show is made it's like a comedy
show and it's scripted so they can get
away with doing something like that
so Elon Musk sued them and I think he
lost believes because I because they
don't claim to be exactly they don't
claim to be factual and they complained
that they they don't they don't claim to
not have narratives right they create
that's so gross just to make sure that
I'm gross pretty gross
it's amazing how many shots that they
take Elon Musk called Top Gear
completely phony and his company sued
for libel and malicious falsehoods a
judge dismissed the suit in October
saying no viewer the program could have
reasonably be compared the Roasters
performance on the track to a real-world
performance on the street
that seems fuzzy I don't know what that
means yeah okay
what is 2012 that way what is the case
what did he said what Ellen must said
that it was that they faked it and they
claimed the power Tesla fire okay let's
see what it says we could figure out I
think I'm pretty sure that's the story
after test to drop the car off Elon Musk
claimed that one of his employees was
along for the delivery notice that a
script for the episode inside there was
a segment about the Tesla breaking down
but that was only the tip of the iceberg
Top Gear claimed that the Tesla Roadster
ran out of power while driving after
just 55 miles much less than the 200
miles quoted by Tesla albeit it was
being driven hard a claim that musk said
was untrue according to him the
roadsters logs showed that the car had
never dipped below 20% charge during the
entirety of the filming the clip
followed with the roadsters motor
overheating which wasn't addressed by
musk and finally a brake failure which
must claims was instead a blown fuse and
not an equipment failure battery-powered
electric cars will soon die altogether
former Top Gear host James Mesa
is it amazing so they were said it
sounds like there was some horse ship
for sure but it does sound like there
was a real brake problem and the brake
problem was a blown fuse which there's
nothing you can do about that but just
that it's such a strange thing that yeah
you just have to attack electric cars
like it's just said well I think the web
them making a script if they have a
script yeah sad the test was gonna break
down they thought it would be funny look
at how many bit it's a comedy show where
Jeremy Clarkson was fucking hilarious
he's really funny yeah but there is
definitely wealthy people that are yeah
you believe a lot of the stuff that they
say and the performance of the car I
would you know I always thought it was
funny but I also saw them as experts
well they kind of are yeah I mean they
know a lot of shit yeah they know a lot
of shit about cars for sure Jeremy
Clarkson knows a lot about cars the
problem is people go to them for advice
and lap times and all that shit and if
you're saying it car is breaking down
you you engineered that yes script it's
pretty dirty that is dirty well that's
how like Sean Hannity gets away with
saying that he's not a news program does
he get away with that yeah dubby dub
says news yeah he says it's a it's a
it's entertainment really yeah yeah yeah
it's way you have a little a little out
we're not a news program we don't claim
to be he says that yeah well though a
lot of people are coming to you think
it's news but isn't he a commentary
program isn't that what they say it's
not that he's new he says it's
entertainment oh yeah do you find
entertaining no entertaining he's a liar
it's not that entertaining I want to sue
them and the game of thrones people
those aren't real dragons the dope is
fuck did you watch last night I didn't I
did was again spoiler alert it was
awesome oh yeah awesome just to see
everything I just want to see it I was
happy to see a new episode I'm gonna be
so sad when that show gets canceled oh
I'm such a dork you've watched it all
the way out about doing the prequel or
the beginning of it the other series
what the heaven
okay man whoever the fucking people
other doing it just keep doing things
whoever those people that are writing
and producing it and putting it together
and and keep hiring those actors to play
different people I don't care I lost my
way after like maybe three seasons how
many seasons is AB anomaly fuck up you
lost your way go back and start from
scratch
learn all the names of these places and
the make-believe face and the Hassan
show and whatever whatever is how much
do I have to know Joe I know you know
how to make bread just keep making I
just bread I do
and you keep it simple yeah a martini a
little bread one of your life yeah jog
how much why do I look tough I do I have
to control every match I would like
enough o catch back up with it yeah it's
good right people like you so you're
gonna like let this whole season play by
without you being caught up I almost
last night was just gonna watch just
jump it jump in who cares
there's any show that you never get like
please tell me he gave up on The Walking
Dead yes thank you yeah I stopped that
one is there any show that you haven't
give up huh that you've been steadfast
that I stick whatever you binge do you
still watch uh you haven't quit no
there's none that I'm currently watching
I just watch Russian doll what is that
that's on Netflix that was good that
girls are gonna Sasson or something no
she's she's uh she dies every episode
it's like Groundhog Day yeah it was
pretty good
and now I've seen all the big ones Ozark
Ozark yeah one season of it you didn't
watch season two no was I supposed to I
don't know you just shut it off you
don't wanna know what happened I don't
know I forget
[Laughter]
33 o'clock three o'clock in the
afternoon and the time fly in this
conversation did we start when did we
start 12:30 12:30 yeah something like
that
three o'clock tell the fine people where
you're at my brother I am going to
Boston
where
I'm going to slinging jokes and I'm
going to Northampton we're doing in
Boston City Winery Oh what is that it's
this elegant winery place right and they
have stand up they stand up there Wow
mostly bands no shit yeah okay doing a
bunch of those guys it's actually a
winery a real whiner yeah they make
their own wine
Wow in Boston that's cool yeah it's
really cool
my friends been played at a winery once
I was like this is the cool shit ever
yeah it's pretty cool I'm gonna do Napa
I'm gonna do something up in Napa
another wine spot yeah that's what they
were oh yeah they're up and out but it's
a nice theater there that I've done yeah
yeah it's a good spot that whole area is
amazing right the food there's it's
amazing it's no joke no that place
they've got it's so dialed in the wines
amazing that nature is amazing Bryan
Callen we're up there with those hunting
guys we were in a turkey hunting episode
and Bryan Callen and I after we went
turkey hunting these guys went back to
this Airbnb they rented they were like
guys they had like hamburger and shit
like this all right guys these are the
best restaurants in the world in the
world on there right here like come on
let's go out I'll pay ya know just a
room make cheeseburgers okay Callen and
I went out like gentlemen we got a fine
bottle Weis turkey hunting and clinking
fine glasses come on and eating uh you
know it's delicious amazing and
incredible food we had a wonderful time
yeah yeah there's certain times certain
people have you know they've figured it
out over time they've got it dialed in
just do what they do di but it's good to
appreciate it it's good to appreciate it
Oh 100% it's good if you ate there every
day I think it would be now it's a treat
yeah it's something yeah means something
and then you'll remember that dinner you
know it's not like just we were just
mocking those guys the entire drinking
wine getting lit talking shit having fun
it's the best coolest things about
having a friend like Callen she's always
funny yeah everywhere you go like come
on buddy
you're my one-man comedy show and then
yeah so you know
he's holding everything a wine making
some shit up and okay
and then he's hilarious
yes he really makes me laugh so website
Tom papa calm Tom Papa calm Tom Papa on
the Instagram Tom pop on the Twitter all
of those things like books go into a
paperback see you next month
Louisa yeah it's very cool it's all good
always great to be here always great to
have you get me some elk on the way out
yeah freezer bag for you
I brought my out of the old is a bag
yeah beautiful
alright bye everybody
[Applause]
[Music]